[Music]
[Applause]
e
[Music]
n
welcome to the Doug Doug laboratory I've
made many mods and machines here over
the years you've seen that on my streams
but today I unveil my greatest creation
yet the shuffler this Behemoth of a
machine is an advanced artificial
intelligence there's 18 billion trillion
parameters allowing this thing to do all
sorts of technology that I've never
actually revealed before it's going to
get more advanced as the show goes on
but most importantly it has the tech
technology to shuffle between games
while you play them that's right you
might be playing smash melee then
suddenly you're playing a different game
of smash melee then a different one and
then Mario Kart and then Bomberman and
then Tetris this is my hardest and most
chaotic gaming challenge yet and you're
probably wondering why thank you to the
live audience and the shuffler
you see I've invited eight players here
into my laboratory to compete in a
shuffling tournament a tournament
designed all around games that are
changing while you play them and we're
going to see which of these players can
succeed in this chaotic Challenge and
prove themselves the winner of Shuffle
media and most deserving of the grand
prize a prize so fabulous that I can't
reveal it till the end of the show
woo the audience loves it now let's
introduce our teams as we get ready for
shuffl Mania first off team orange we
have lwig and squeaks squeaks you are
bald what the
hell there's got to be some science
thing to fix it Doug that's why we're
here can we go ahead and hand one of
those mics to uh lwig over there let's
see lwig how you feeling about this uh
Shuffle Mania we have events that I
would say you're pretty good at
hopefully yeah well we had a 30 minute
dissertation about how I can't use
Jigglypuff in the smash portion but look
I'm excited for the shuffle I'm a little
bit nervous cuz my teammate's lower and
skill than me jackass what are you
talking about you you were just cheating
120 star okay let's cheating like 20
let's introduce the purple team let's
introduce our purple team consisting of
STS and will nef welcome welcome welcome
Hey STS yeah what's up what's up man yo
how you doing I'm do good how you how
you feeling I'm feeling great um Smash
Bros lwig is probably we're going to
start with smash Le's probably the
favorite um how do you feel against him
I saw you playing Donkey Kong uh I beat
him with Donkey
Kong almost three stocked and your eyes
you were tired you had a show last night
as I won you popped off yeah yeah yeah I
started to believe what would you say is
your specialty of all the games that
we're going to be playing today in
shufflemania97
um you know I'm I'm much more of a I'm a
mental player uh so I'm going to just
get in people's heads love that for you
yeah pure mental game and I can see that
rubber Ross on the blue team is
mystified by will nef's power blue team
with alpharad and rubber Ross welcome
how you guys feeling
feeling
yeah why I I so the shuffler has like a
built-in live audience module fire them
shuffler so just oh okay yeah um that's
fine so it'll learn as we go on as you
guys know with the Transformers you
input a lot of parameters but then it
needs to actually adjust based off the
training data so the shuffler will get a
little more powerful at time goes on you
good you good okay he's he's all right
um Alfred how are you feeling about the
events coming into today uh I feel
pretty good yes I like Tetris what is
your so I thought you were a smash guy
but it seems like you're pretty
confident about a man of many talents I
I feel good about smash feel good about
Tetris and I'm just going to let Ross do
the rest Ross I'm just happy to be here
he told me he has no
talents uh you're I'm sure you're great
at bomber man
yeah uh we're feeling great blue team
extremely confident let's introduce our
last team team green with failboat and
point Crow thank you thank you thank you
so
much you couldn't have gotten me
something a little bit yeah I mean like
look look look at this look at this guy
audence I hate your outfit I I love it
it's a beautiful it looks amazing on you
you know you look amazing on me no you
you look amazing man like I I love this
on you could you guys maybe just stand
up let's just see how you look side by
side you want come over I do want to
reiterate to the audience these are the
these jackets are the same size come
over here come over here it's the same
exact
jacket it's just we look great you know
ready for science we're ready to win
bring your son to work we're styled for
victory these players
are going to rip ass in bomber man today
I believe it I love this man I love this
man that's my the CR loves
them uh not clear exactly who the crowd
favorite is so far a couple of you guys
got booed now that we've introduced our
teams let's talk about the actual event
of shuffl mania shuffl Mania consists of
nine events that we're going to be
playing through today each of these nine
events will earn your team points if you
win it 10 points specifically at the end
of these nine events the two teams with
the most points will compete in the
grand finale and the winner of the grand
finale will receive that fabulous prize
that I cannot reveal yet because it's
too
incredible thank you thank you shuffler
um again we're g to the the uh live
audience module is going to need to
adjust just a little bit maybe Save The
Roaring for like an actual Victory
shuffler okay so first event of the day
is Smash Bros shuffling specifically
we're going to have two players playing
in five games of Smash Bros at once but
every two to 20 seconds it is going to
shuffle randomly between the five games
of Smash If you can win three out of the
five then you win the Smash Bros match
you take home the 10 points this first
game of Smash Bros is going to be
between team orange and team purple team
orange who are you sending in battle
this guy lwi going in lwig head over
your player station he was warming up a
little bit before
this now it's interesting about shuffl
Mania is each of the events you're going
to submit one of your teammates to
compete for your team and this case lwig
has a little more smash experience than
squeaks but squeaks is good at the Mario
64 allegedly so we might see him pop out
during that Mario 64 section later on as
our players get ready and get seated for
some smash melee let's hear from their
teammates will nef how are you feeling
about stands as a Smash Bros player
listen I watched this game pregame take
Donkey Kong and absolutely run rough
shot over lwig it was embarrassing it
was humiliating can can I'm sorry sorry
I got a I got a I got a can I swear on
the show yeah I got a [__] bone a pck
with Will nef okay he he's an emotional
terrorist in my life and he has been for
the past year because I was at a holiday
party and this guy comes up to me and he
says hey can we play doubles in Ultimate
how about we play some doubles dude
you're a smash guy right and so we do
it's me and Carl Jacobs him and no J and
then and then they have items on they
have Team attack off I've got items on
he's sitting behind with King K rule
throwing it through and every time he
lose he goes aren't you the smash guy
dude how are we winning dud aren you the
smash guy it's not even the right game
Doug so I'm going to I'm going to make
your teammate cry I have great news if
you're a lwig hater out there what can I
amend that story yeah that ended with
lwig losing thousands of dollars to Noah
really can we get a can we
get awful lot of excus hustled that is
one 10,000 mistake so listen he's going
to get hustled again look at stand is
already warming up his wrists over there
I don't even know what that has to do
with smash but I I don't know what L
stretching though he's doing are you
ready it sounds like we are good to go
into our first shuffling game again
ladies and gentlemen there are going to
be five games of Smash Bros being played
simultaneously whoever wins three out of
these five takes the match and with that
lwig stands the shuffling match will
begin in three 2 1
[Music]
Shuffle
that's crazy that's that that was so
sick wait so who who thinks L's going to
win raise your hand my hands oh 13
damage that's huge st's really spamming
that Shield so coming from Smash I got
to say uh this shit's [__] crazy uh I
am very interested to see if let's just
see
if thank you shuffler bot he's about to
lose more than 10,000 today he's going
to lose his whole dignity and channel oh
they're in a precarious spot there oh
back throw oh no back to Final
Destination back throw into a different
game it's five different maps all of
which have different items so you got to
adapt quickly oh that makes sense like
Shuffle Bot is shufflebot capable oh
that knee's coming next game that KNE is
com who's going to win this I need to
activate its voice module okay okay
understood understood has a voice module
we going be I know you cracked YouTube
how I lost shuon in the first round it
just went crazy how I accidentally
lost oh let's go yeah it's a fifth one
oh man get that hammer not looking good
for love oh for the love of God oh
another H is is this a hammer only game
oh oh dear God oh man I love Captain FAL
neutral you catch Pokemon right
now oh let's go I caught those hands
instead huge you can tell blood is
completely
sitting fully focused oh this is
bad oh oh disastrous oh come
on oh that's an edge guard waiting to go
that's going to be tough to recover from
when it switches back to that instance
yeah so I still feel like we're going to
swap to the Pokemon Stadium one and uh I
think there's a knee coming out the
frame we swap
back
wait and a
Down
has been waiting for 20 minutes for that
opportunity we're back okay we're back
oh that was that should have been a knee
I think just throwing out knees is not a
bad Strat here yeah whatever the safest
option a different they might Off the
Wall this could be risky oh yeah we
Circle Camp
here if I could just request one Falcon
Punch it'd be too satisfying for us all
oh yeah big big damage there I feel like
it could happen it could if you just
throw it out
a shuffle into a falcon punch
ridiculous I'm
get yeah Shuffle is unreactable uh with
the T punch
the okay okay nice nice Shield there
this is a crazy place to
[Applause]
Camp let's go evening up here shuffler
Lov that here we go two stocks vers one
BL have to come up back Big Time nice
invisible oh that's going to be hard to
recover
from God these are funny
items oh that what hilarious is having
all bombs
Coria the combo from this did you pick
this item selection
uh or do we have the Shuffle Bot to
blame for that too so all of the rules
of today's event have been decided by
the shuffling AI okay okay so Shuffle
Shuffle B sh sh
hey oh it loves being
recognized oh on the knee hey oh a third
KNE every Falcon in the world goes with
a third knee there
yes it's even up on it's evened up can
we switch
teams how this no oh this Mele class way
better see L's got a problem he's got
massive ego you know he's playing with
such confidence but you have to earn it
every single instance spoken like a true
teammate yeah that's right we're
learning to punch we're looking
for for people just tuning in the score
is two to two to one to one to zero to
one back at you they haven't won any
game right no nobody's won a game okay
it's just really close we've got this
game very few times as
well oh the save and they think
donke the will of
God take back to yeah that screen
support still one to one here lot of
Mines just a natural disaster everywhere
you
look speaking that he can recover from
that that b oh that b you got to start
shielding
now theu really got him
there the hell oh that por is coming out
oh oh oh come on no get on Solid
Ground which do we think is the first
game going to end I think this one is it
this one I think this one yeah one back
throw away like the bottom area I don't
even think we need the back throw last
time you just ran
off good pulls here this could be the
end this could be end they know that
they just throw
[Applause]
Electro inverse reaction time oh my you
lost two stocks in two different
timelines in two seconds how do you
mentally recover from that I don't know
if you can that's tough but if anyone
can do it it's my boy ly I mean we heard
we're here here first you know uh will
nef and team is going for the emotional
win here the mental game that's right
I'll say it I think he's a Jigglypuff
one trick oh [__] that's actually drama
sh support oh corner is going to be
finished next Shuffle
okay this Mele at like sleepovers it's
coming down to the wire I wish I had
sleepovers this
cool you kidding me hey Phil we can have
a sleepover
later keep that in mind there's a lot of
passion coming from Green Team yeah you
know we we got passion for each other
here you know we're going to sweep the
competition with it I don't think so
we're brothers y we see things that
other people we we we do things
differently here all right every word
you said for the grab instead of
hammer is that one now one1 as one
stands as
one that game is taking a minute it's FD
man
[Music]
be this could be it one back one back oh
one more win from St and he wins it
all got I I do feel good about L on FD I
think FD reward melee we can easily go
to game five yeah but FD here though
they both have two stocks versus the
other uh bro it's Captain Falcon versus
Donkey Kong Donkey Kong is a top tier
for people who are initi Shuff Mania
maybe we're going to have a shuffle
Mania
[Music]
L we got some big meaty back
air he's crazy with it oh we might see a
two two we might see a
2 down to the wire any believers
honestly I believe in Le on FD oh
actually actually DK on FD is scary now
that I think about
it that's a huge gun attack goodness oh
we're staying with this game oh he's
going back and forth
fast oh my
goodness just needs one more
stock
oh no way this goes game five be safe L
St you got
this game the donkey card punch what a
subversion the camera's not on give a
second give a second give a second they
want to look at l a little bit more is
you the smash
huge upset huge upset in the melee
Community I you okay I think that hurts
as this was first pick as character he
he said I don't want jiggly puff I don't
want Fox I want I want Falcon and he
refused to play anything else no I
requested it for my ego not because of
uh the rules and I wanted I wanted to
play Falcon uhhuh and it didn't work out
today didn't work out fans uh walk us
through that as you have a little bit of
a victory you spit okay um how you
feeling after that that was close I'm
feeling good you banned all of our
characters I play Fox and Peach the
shuffler did the rules have been made by
the AI please do not out of melee huh
I'm just out totally yeah oh I want to
die in a fire and on that note we are
ready to start kicking off our next
match between uh Team blue and team
green if we look at the bracket
here matches for Smash Bros you can see
match number one was just taken by the
purple team next up we're going to have
Team blue and Team Green facing off and
the winner of Team blue and Team Green
will face off against stands for an
extra 10 points that's right we have an
entire bracket for Smash Bros massive
bracket team blue who are you guys
sending into battle that be Jacob uh I
think uh I think we're sending in
failboat for this one now fail fail has
has this in the bag
I really think you should try Eric I
think you should believe in yourself
more I'd love to play you'd be good
battle try I don't know I mean
failboat's really got this you know I
trust that man more than I trust myself
great
works uh all right cool as our players
get ready um I just want like the
shuffler the shuffler Boo failable for
that you know um what now happy with
thank you thank you I just you know you
deserve the cheers there so again the so
the AI I'm using for this just so people
are aware it's it's a custom trained
llama module open AI for the
decision-making tree and then we have
extra uh voice stuff run by Bard by the
Google API so we'll we'll try the voice
module a little bit later but basically
the rules were decided and then the
shuffling is done by the actual AI here
so it should evolve as it goes on a
little bit because the training data was
very limited like you guys know how it
goes so is that why I lost perhaps is
because the training data hadn't fully
swapped right okay okay yeah such a
stupid idea uh the the shuffler did not
seem happy about that suggestion um also
the just a heads up shuffler I forgot to
tweet out that I'm doing the show so I'm
going to do that during the next game um
but I believe our players are ready yeah
shuffler oh okay all right they're just
prepping they're getting ready players
you good failboat alphar red okay these
are by the way both these players very
very good in the modern Smash games
Jacob as I'm sure people are aware
extremely proficient smash player
failboat's like ranked top two in
Vermont like I play Minecraft Steve
thank you Minecraft Steve so two very
very very good smash ultimate players oh
he's built different that's what he is
let's see how it translates into some
shuffling players we are beginning the
shuffle in three two one
go all right fil you got this wait who's
what color help me we got we got a mar
match here failboat's white alpar Rad's
dark yes oh oh wow already already
SW yeah I don't I don't see color here
you know all right look as a as a loser
and a failure and and probably my
biggest loss ever to my worst opponent
who I've ever played ever in this game
ever until I die wow I can say it's all
about the items it's all about the items
it is not the skill it's about items and
Recovery I would say almost zero skill
thank you for asking so you're saying
that like Melee is just like a luck game
very luck I would say the shuffle Thon
AI vers
of
melee is I mean this one I just put him
in a blender with Pokeballs oh yeah you
ran away you were scared of my big eight
muscles your big eight muscles didn't
make me even like quiver little bit you
were literally quivering off the I
killed myself more than you killed me no
because you such an ugly monkey let me
get this straight let me get this
straight wait you think melee is not a
party game isn't this game for fun is
not the end of it like we're
oh my God look at all those hammers look
at all those hammers I thought it was no
items come on FBO get them surpr let's
go the game changed thank you I will say
Mark does have a nice counter oh my God
and first stock goes to fail yeah you
don't want to go hammer against Hammer
this one just Farm now you farm
pokeballs it's Pokéball Farm what was
that what' you call penis SW oh nice yes
I just wanted to highlight what you said
there oh no one big blue is so hard big
blue was the skill St stage for sure
yeah I think there's a lot of skill in
not dying yeah just like staying on the
on the ground so when it shuffles you
don't you have second stock goes to fail
boo dude you're killing a
man oh counter is proving to be a
versatile tool
oh it does really seem to be that the
items are making a lot of this right now
yeah I mean it's only items right
basically at this point
oh and it's evened up on Coria yeah good
tip smash oh that's the uh Legend of
Zelda Zombie from the story uh mode in
this
game lot wow lot ofin our eyes you got a
counter come down counter yeah oh the
counter no back seting yeah keep it up
keep it up I don't know if it worked wow
that toss he got a midair okay all
right so black mark is alphared am I
correct yeah way isbo I could tell by
the sadness on his face when he
hit the depression emanating from the
right side of the room goldine worst
Pokeball just useless yeah wow oh wow
wow wait you can get knocked down hammer
and Tech yeah you can get knocked down
from a hammer and then drop the hammer
the hammer is actually sometimes bad too
cuz sometimes the head falls off and
then it's just a miserable stick and you
can't do anything with the stick it does
damage or next it does literally none I
don't think even I don't know if I've
ever played with items that's crazy like
maybe as a kid that's the way the game
was meant to be played though it is it's
true I'm just say okay big Nintendo
that's all you
said you really just want like like a
vanilla experience here you play Mario
Kart with items off think about it yeah
I'm just saying like I think they need
Esports of melee but like with items on
specifically maybe that's the difference
uh who do I want to play I think the
monkey does good against I've heard but
I actually don't play the monkey I mean
it's mostly back throw back air which
you just Spam o okay you sound a little
sassy I no I'm like you have a skilless
Donkey Kong a soulless play style
history will forget you the moment you
die God left side of the couch here I'm
not even upset
aing you guys think I care like I don't
even care like a little bit we're going
to get heartburn but just everything
you're saying you let me down is there
another smash portion no no no you lost
there's a Los there is but you're not in
it can I be in it no I lost you're not
going to do good for team orange I'll
play let me play P one time if one of
the other teams wants to swap careful
with on that stage it's very easy to
kill yourself L do I need to remind you
of what your name begins with what
letter it
does Br are we really saying
oh it was the that said that I'm just
training the shuffler here right yeah
holy [__] I think maybe just tried
delivering that again see if the
shuffler likes it more the second time
oh really yeah so so lewick remind me
what your name begins with what letter
it this begins with the letter L oh oh
there you go did the shuffle like
that they hated that one it's
TR was all off that time
wow so
although fail on that one that was fail
mod on FD right yeah that's one okay one
up for failboat filbo you got this this
could be two so boxes can't oh wow it
was like a perfect you got this you got
this he does have it nice
ledge game for Al game for Alpha cor is
pretty close too okay one Al just
running into bombs it's it's comical in
a
way that's a good oldfashioned FD
standoff is close here we might get
another finish
here
snip nice oh ran into another bomb
that's f f two he takes it he's stepping
on those landmines all right
21 this would be the wait he get the
kill here it's over that would be it no
no no no two stocks two STS Beed up it
be tied up nice that's tied up okay so
they're even stocks on both stages these
are the last two stages Yep this is
close the last two stages gets very
tense using invincibility to get a back
air oh wow wow they're even up here you
really want to land though back smash
oh game game five right
here down air off the missing though now
he's in the combo okay gets to the left
side safe more damage Al one for a down
air needed a Forward
Air that's crazy he's looking for Poke
Balls
here electode wait ente is a it's it's
an AOE won't do much here but he will
protect the other Pokeballs that Alfred
can just
grab Al Snipes it with a poke ball oh
what a win what a win wow
no oh that's mess abely shamed by Jacob
woo I I I I thought I could count on you
failboat I thought I could this this
actually this is so fun cuz it shows
that like it doesn't matter the skill
level it's like anyone can win in the
shuffle it's not about who's better at
the end of the day you know what these
are some good you're talking about the
number two Vermont player in the world
in Vermont plus how many views do your
videos have on I think honestly it's a
pretty impressive win given how many
stocks were lost to just bombs on the
field yeah Ju Just you know there aren't
supposed to be hammers on FD I know but
I know sometimes there are oh so can we
redo like that game or no you know
instead of not only are we not going to
redo that we now are moving on to our
finals as a reminder everybody for every
match that your team wins you earn 10
points points again the teams with the
most points at the very end are going to
go on the grand finale of this event so
this means that the two winners St and
alphared are going into a final match
gentlemen go ahead and enter your battle
station why does every other team have
the most beautiful picture and then I
asked for pictures you did not
reply and so your company by the way
decided to use your banana photo wait
can we pull them up again if you look at
all the other pictures everyone looks so
attractive and then you look like what
are you wearing dude that's just my face
what are you talking
about you're wearing like a crown right
I what's wrong with that is it a tiara
yeah I'm royalty what's the big deal
you're being so rude you're literally in
a banana costume and lost melee uh okay
we're the you lost I I I feel you know
what a little sensitive can you lift me
up you started the shuffle on by making
fun of
me what is that you're a little quiet
switch oh I am you just got to bring it
closer to mouth hello that's better you
started this by insulting me L what if
we made a okay true I'm on your you know
what that's just beautiful that's just
beautiful right there that's
beautiful love that I'm G I'm gonna be
honest I know we're we're dunking on you
L but I think the the actual roster of
games you guys are you guys are the
Nintendo guys you guys are Nintendo
dudes just for clarity I put 5,000 hours
into that game I just lost yeah I mean
you're not very good at that but like
with uh Tetris bomber man you guys play
Tetris right 5000 hours into melee okay
I I think here's what I will say it's
going to be more shameful if you squeaks
lose at Mario 64 then let It smash why
is that because this has hammers on FD
and Mario 64 is just going to be Mario
64 it's also shuffling yeah like a good
player the whole point of this
tournament is to find good adaptive
players that's the entire point of this
me have you have you ever watched this
squeak stream it's literally just WS the
entire time he only knows one level
you're Be Wild crazy in 2023 2024
2025 literally talking about
repeating getting real personal oh god
that hurt me right here oh my
God confident can I ask you a question
yeah so we're doing a shuffle thaon you
showed the itinerary earlier Mario Kart
yeah it's five races yeah can we have
five different beers that you have to
alternate and finish before the end of
each race oh Lord you are going up
against uh what I like to call Point
Crow the tank yeah uh and so if he's
down to do that I'm in I'll start like
every single time that I ever see lwig
at any single event he brings up Mario
Kart and buio Kart specifically we have
matched each other in bu card I want to
say like five six times now I'm down to
do another yeah you guys both have 10
points
more all right let's go alphared put STS
in the dirt we're we're still we're
still set up the it's very complex to
set up Smash Bros because we have to put
all the players and and whatnot uh
shuffler are we ready or we still
filling I didn't hear all right cool
we're still filling um squeaks you're uh
let's I'm just trying to riff here
you're bald bald but hey here's the
thing uh what I the reason I came here
is because I think the shuffle AI can be
some sort of tech to help hairline uh
challenge people so maybe some science
together we can uh make some sort of
solution to my hair don't look at me I
hate your kind no what's my kind
cut the clip cut the clip cut the clip
we got it yeah I'm I'm surprised showed
up to any science
event those
without happy deali happy shuffler ready
all right cool thanks shuffler um we are
now ready for the final of the Smash
Bros section of shuffl mania we have our
two winners two two men who are both
much better than lwig and
especially failboat but now we need to
find out who is the best at shuffled
Smash Bros players you ready yeah begin
in three two one
Shuffle this is for 10 bonus points a
huge lead for your team if you can take
it let's go there go there are still
hammers on FD for some reason Mar versus
Donkey Kong now okay A little bit of a
history between this match up Donkey
Kong a very low rated character however
he does well against there's Hammer up
being blue to a couple of top tiers
which includes Mark he does very well
against Mar so you're saying it'd be
super embarrassing if Mark beat Donkey
Kong cuz Donkey Kong beat you uh yeah so
that' be like double nail in the coffin
we are on the same team just so you it's
hard for me
to you're right uh but I will say items
wise I think Marth has an advantage cuz
the counter the Hammers are a little bit
nerfed cuz you can knock him out of it
true true oh oh seems like St might be
forgoing the Hammers just like hover
around playing neutral oh okay this
kid's insane he doesn't know how to
throw forward I don't know how he tries
the instant Mash
though nice
insane oh nice oh look at the C with the
hammer right there right there great
juggle honestly good jump catch he just
baited it
out honestly I think you get five games
worth of conditioning in one set using
this
method nice use the hammmer St use the
Hammers
he really should of God
yes so this stage is the one that always
last the the latest I think cuz people
are scared to interact cuz if you fall
on the road the road moves yeah
yeah okay so fun fact I was not going to
put hammers on FD but Nintendo kept ceas
and desisting me until we added items oh
wow I see I see they got in contact with
you after that first game it has to be a
party game you have to have hammers in
FD you and be both brothers it's it's
why uh BL couldn't play Fox yeah and
then you also need a mandatory amount of
pizza and drinks for it to be a real
party to
go Jacob loves those bombs
dude the most tepid clap ever just such
aak clap no offense to the AI okay so my
God I know what to do again the the sh
the shuffler AI starts simple it will
train as we teach it so just give it
advice if it doesn't respond correctly
you know what I'm starting drama don't
care for it self checkout machine
interesting
melee all right let's see how Sans comes
down we will see that in three more
minutes wow sty that was
great St St has his number on that stage
I think FD is Stan
is
oh big clap coming in big clap coming in
oh
he's he's predictable like monkey you
just throw him backwards just Chuck him
down into the water I do think if Sans
goes for back throw on termina it'll be
an instant death cuz I don't think
Alfred be able to react Tech in time
yeah if St is ready with the back
throw huge yes use the hammer stand the
hammer love this song
though it was a
trap a lot of hammers it's like one in
every 10 boxes just a bomb yes
wow saw that's the first time we saw it
just the stick wait this
is I think this
backward one for one for St I mean you
can't draw we are level on big blue all
right he's going for the hammer not a
great spot to be though oh god oh that
kill yes use the hammer oh I believe
Jacob still has his hammer yeah he does
so when he regular gets up activate
good yes good
ball marrow's good it's going to knock
doesn't do it the it control is actually
Immaculate chy just drops a lot of
pokeballs we haven't played on this game
at
all that's bot shuffler bot come on oh
good string of back airs wow good damage
com from into a bom that was fantastic
melee until he just got gunned
down that ledge grab in vulnerability
was huge oh s is playing out of his
[__] mind right now up till F smash
good
play I feel good for Jacob on big blue
I'm not going to lie I think he wins
that one St needs this one yeah he just
needs to stop throwing the off the stage
damn B there
wow St looks like an AI how slow he's
picking up those
items rude
he's playing under control oh that bomb
okay great great I don't know why he
keeps doing that thing he keeps doing
that thing where he tries to walk him
off like he's a computer he so funny it
is funny but he could also just Mash out
remember he did beat you yeah true I
don't want to remember that I've kind of
wiped it out yeah leave him alone oh I'm
dead uhoh oh that's meanwhile okay two1
stand two it's definitely two1 it's two1
but we haven't seen alphared win yet so
technically two technically 2 all right
there we are
two oh that bomb is still on the prow
there oh it's going to land on
it nice good Reaction Time s this is an
RNG stage if you can get the
pokeballs unlike the hammer stages no no
no no this is the most you oh no oh
Dodges the wobble throw all those
SS release your entire starting line I
think I think that hoo with stand
is oh oh that bomb I I I want to say
yeah
Pokemon this could be it if this kills
that's it that going to go he's alive
he's at
20 how Jacob you are Jacob Jacob has
given up what he's given up he
understands he's at 200% with one life
What's happen it's an early forfeit
gentlem what are you doing
[Music]
Sher let's go oh goodness team purple
with a masive dub a masive dub in the
smash event
fantastic A True Underdog Story Donkey
Kong with Donkey Kong who has never by
the way ever in the history of the game
twice that is on the shuffler uh who
will get more advanced as this goes on
this is the largest tournament Donkey
Kong's ever won ever yeah I believe it
yeah shout out to ringler is a huge day
for the Donkey Kong Mains now um
shuffler is going to start tabulating
your scores we're going to see exactly
where the teams line up in just a moment
before we get into our next game we've
got lots more events today in Shuffle
Mania everybody I'd like to make a
prediction yeah go ahead I think we'll
be in first place after that
event oh bold it could be close shuffler
like that yeah Shuff thank
you what's the grand prize winner gets
I'm it's so fabulous so incredible that
we will reveal it at the end to the
winning team I've heard it can crash the
economy of Greece if someone wins it
there oh my God you become so fabulously
wealthy that everything will just
inflate filed this in gree this is a bad
bados it's the Sher I was wondering why
you flew me out so far yeah this is much
more expensive than it needed to be
we're inside nobody knows we're in
Greece by the way if anyone's wondering
we're all drinking olive oil Cheers
Cheers oh yes oh they do not like the
olive oil yeah the AI is uh feeling a
little it's so good for you though I
think it's cuz it's you're drinking
Italian olive oil and the Greeks are
upset yeah that makes sense lot of
history there
um you want some of that olive oil it's
definitely just water St how do you feel
I feel I don't feel much you took it
away from me you literally discounted my
win at every level and so I did my
beautiful boy that's
good what the
[__] I thought it was water I saw water
okay Dam water in gree blame the
shuffler I've been sober for like a
[Laughter]
Year's not happy um now let's check out
the
scores wag
yeah we just Freak No no I I had a beer
at the gala I had one beer at the gala
so we were good we good I feel better
about that all right let's check out
these scores team purple currently in
the lead with those 20 points team I
can't see very well team blue has 10
points but don't worry lots more
opportunities to earn points as we get
into it the next one as you can see up
on the board is going to be Mario Kart
but unlike the shuffling events Mario
Kart is a little bit different it's not
a whole tournament it's not a whole
bunch of rasma Dazz it's just on shot
event if you win you get 10 points
specifically our first bonus event is
Mario Kart with voice commands we're
going to have two players competing you
must complete one lap in Mario Kart
Double Dash Rainbow Road obviously
and the first player to complete the lap
using only their voice wins 10
points this bonus game oh thank you
thank
you I thought it was a little more hyped
than that no it's it's t okay okay I
thought it was a pretty good one I I
tried to start with the most exciting
bonus event but that's fine um who I
think it's a good event I think it's a
good fun event the shuffler designed
like the main shuffler ones using the AI
decision tree the Mario Kart was mine
shuffler is upset that it's not being
used
oh oh is that the shuffler Whisperer
does the shuffler wish for a new
Commander
okay stupid idea stupid idea that was so
get it together man Mario Kart voice
commands is happening between team
purple will neffen stands and Team Green
Point Crow and failboat team purple who
are you sending into battle big will big
will head on in there hit the showers
team who are you sending in you know we
got fail boo right he has to redeem
himself from last time all right he's
got this he's got this
all right players head over there I
should remind you the way you play is
you say drive to drive reverse to
reverse right or left to turn right or
left item to use an item swap to swap
your characters is there a Break
Stop well technically reverse brakes
right forward you're going to figure it
out I trust you
forward okay it's drive or forward
reverse or
back reverse
reverse
before we have to compete of is there is
there light left light right yeah what's
drift who's
[Music]
drifting he's drifting that's my
teammate right there drive drive drive
okay hold on wait say say stop hold on
we're not ready yet Drive stop okay once
he stopped you broke him once we stopped
they'll reset it and then yeah okay I'm
just waiting on the shuffler to let me
know that um we're all set St working
wait wait hold on something drive drive
it's his accent say it again drive maybe
so okay disclaimer the voice program is
not good it's not a good voice program
all right does it technically work kind
of yeah sort of let's let's see yeah if
you uh oh it wasn't oh yeah okay well
that so that was my problem is the voice
program wasn't even oh that sounds like
a skill issue right there you need to
turn on prrams sound like uh
I just just uh don't don't think that
just because the program was off before
it will now work well TR it's not
exactly going
[Music]
to more sensual more sensual can you can
you say like lower like more breathy you
know about robotic drive drive just hold
your microphone next to him and then we
have to tie just become
TTS l oh yeah no they they pick up a lot
of noise so if you're too loud you might
um mess with your
opponent look you have a lot of excuses
man at some point you have to
acknowledge your own responsibil be yeah
red on this this is your competition
fail
Drive well I think you muted it be upet
if I lost now you want yeah you want it
to be bright and colorful drive drive
drive okay there's so much happening can
you drive to me now try it's so funny
cuz we can't say
please
drive um
Drive there's other stuff on my
screen drive drive drive uh Hey players
uh squeaks is bald or something there's
something to talk about I've never seen
a shinier head than that man I'll tell
you right now it's recognized one
command this en there we go that's
perfect did you bring it from home no no
there's like a bunch in the fridge it
just needs to I mean on crustable Drive
quite literally like squeak's head try
being not as close there's no crust on
his head Drive
yes he found the tone he found oh you're
on the wrong
profile not playing the game there you
go drive yeah see you clearly said drive
time all but not liberals opened up this
worked perfectly those goddamn liberals
am I right God always Ming
rainbow always messing with those
technicalities
right yeah that works perfectly he's
picking up his oh yeah no so look we got
microphones are a little a little I
think you muted yourself I know I'm
going to mute in between commands you
coward you
coward this is going to be chaotic hell
okay all right all right just make sure
you stop make sure your boy is stopped
scream reverse I have a great idea find
the once I've got a thing okay all right
make sure your guy is stopped make sure
your gu is stopped if you say if you say
drive right
make sure he stopped then you'll get
reset and then we'll be good to
go the shuer does Love It Go no no no no
no we can't go until you guys stop your
characters i' brother you're too good
reset res all right all right so so your
guys are already driving you got to stop
them no I'm not they are both trying to
you got to tell them to stop st [__]
stop Mario Mario
what no if you're still driving we res I
guess we can start with them driving we
can start with them driving that works
so we'll just reset all right uh
shuffler we good are we good to go yeah
okay just like always my code and my
programs and the shuffler are working
perfectly which means we are ready for
our first bonus game Mario Kart with
voice commands as a reminder everybody
if you finish the lap before your
opponent you win the 10 bonus points for
this Bonus Match players you ready yes
let the bonus round begin in three two
one
drive that was cool wait which which one
are we we on the left it's will nef on
the left and failboat on the right ready
great here Fantastic look at this oh wow
look at that turn look at that turn
knows exactly what talking about this is
actually phenomenal so just be sure not
to talk too loudly into the mics cuz
that'll screw it up so instead of a
steering wheel they're basically using
Alexa gotcha oh wait wait we're we're
just going straight yeah so I think what
we're going to realize is this is just
basically going straight drive by off
simulator no there are turns where you
have to turn correctly there are certain
spots where you can just go straight
simulator oh he's doing the oh you help
you need help tag tag yeah oh let's go
will oh my God so
close the mic Strat is block think
running over there to screen left is
great stand where are you play defense I
don't condone
cheating
is this legal uh shuffler shuffler is
this allow shuffler you're the
[Applause]
referee okay see this spot you have to
actually play well to get past here yeah
cuz all the boosts as well left please
you're going to let St take any defense
got this got this there is a bit of a
delay you got too early too early you've
got to time this perfectly I've never
with that was good you might be past
it oh no oh no oh oh he's pass it look
at that oh that's
huge he needs to stop calling for lefts
though you got to time the left failboat
okay failboat you got this I've never
met a man who can do this
more I've never met a
man he just need to get this
booster oh my God I'm a little nervous
here because purple's already in the
lead yeah and fil's not getting past
this turn at all get ready for right get
ready for right you got to do it early
yeah I got you you got to go immediate
left
a lot of people do this will is doing
this the most efficiently that I've seen
this is
[Applause]
impressive from this point is a straight
away and then there's a some bar one
booster oh we got such a bad
lack left that's all right that's all
right left I don't I don't think there's
a way for right it's just driving wh is
in the last stretch you got to turn a
lot though Drive okay come off Bo come
off Bo
right you got to go like a second or two
early I'm watching
F hey shuffler all right stop making fun
of my teammate he's doing
well oh my God D I'm with squeaks on
this shuffler is the worst that's that's
right there takes it very well done very
well done that is some efficient Mario
Kart with voice commands let me tell you
it is extremely hard to make that
program
FAO what do you what do you got to say
you know like I I thought you said you
were really good at this I thought you
were my teammate man I thought you were
here for me forever and
always sometimes all I want to do is
drive and I just can't stop wait and
sometimes all I want to do is stop I
think Eric's talking mad [__] from the
sidelines man yeah I think you should
stop I think you should oh let's see
Eric get in a goddamn cont let's see why
don't you guys your teammate dude
visualize your depression with this
scoreboard as we check out how the teams
are doing now you're going to see that
team purple is actually crazy far in the
lead because they just earned 10 points
off of that bonus round my God but
they're the ugliest that is the and so
and the shuffler will deduct points at
the end cuz they are they do really
value that based on beauty yes I will
activate the beauty module um so very
well very well done but we do we have a
lot more events y'all there's plenty
opportunity to catch up and there's two
teams going into the grand finale so I
see that you're on the verge tears L
hold it in for now I believe in you I
can have some um some Greek water if
that will help you feel
better um but we're into our next
shuffling event we are in to Tetris
that's right one of the greatest games
of all time next to chess and FD with
hammers and this time we're playing it
with a bit of a shuffling twist as you
can see there's going to be five games
of Tetris being played simultaneously
and it's going to shuffle between them
randomly just like we did with with
Smash Bros melee the difference though
is if you lose in any of the five games
you're out instantly this is not about
winning three out of five this is about
you cannot lose at all or the match is
instantly done well so it doesn't matter
how fast you go how many points you get
nope is you clear lines you sendar if
you so the better the better you play
the more you make your opponent likely
to lose
yes yes this is one V one battle Tetris
with a classic Tetris Generations or
tetr party Deluxe I think it's one of
everybody's favorite vers Tetris I love
Tetris party Deluxe it's my favorite
Tetris game I loved that one on the
great it's out of all the tetris games
it's like a top 10 the Wii I want to say
with Tetris our first match is going to
be between blue team rubber Ross and
alpar red versus purple team will nef
and Stans blue team who you sending in
alpha alpha red okay all right Ross you
Ross you're stacking the back half of
the listen he's these are his best games
okay okay with you you know we're the
anchors of our teams like we got we got
to clutch it out at the end team purple
who has been on a roll who are you
sending in for Tetris big will big will
big will how you feel about Tetris uh is
it voice command normal ass Tetris I
don't want to ever think about voices
again I never want to hear the word left
once more in my life St um will come up
will will was not confident going into
this you guys are crushing it at the
gate how you feeling uh I'm feeling
really good I think he's brought the
energy he was telling me before we
started that the reason he ripped his
sleeves off was for his Tetris technique
he's got like a wide swinging
aerodynamics so he needed the freedom of
motion he's also this like this is the
Jordan Flu Game for will people don't
know last night he basically broke every
bone in his body diving on to a robust
table he is he's a fracture of him
former of his former self but strong
mentally that's a big Mally I mean he
was doing like mental warm up I mean I'm
honestly rooting for if through these
injuries it it will be been trying to
get on the purple team the entire day my
my you guys have to understand blood
talk so much [__] before these things yo
I'm the melee champ you know I beat this
person IAT yeah you did oh my God you
come here I I'm going Fox and I'm
getting in the next one you literally
you wouldn't let anybody address you
other than sir melee like we haven't a
to say lwig it's ridic it's ridiculous
the shuffler is very I want to melt into
a maybe there's a crying Shuffle you can
win are ready baby for some Tetris
players are you ready Jacob and will
again five games of Tetris happening at
once it is shuffling randomly between
them if you lose in any of the five then
you're out and the match is done let's
begin the tetris section in three two
one
[Music]
Shuffle let's go Jacob so I heard yeah I
heard Jacob say he was very confident at
this game
okay that game or this one we got a this
one oh this one so we see a different
strategy Will's playing fast loose Jacob
is playing really slow I can't tell I
Jacob playing fast he's the greatest
ever do it I'm assuming it's accurate is
it Doug uh who's playing which one are
you I'm this one on the left I think our
games are our games are flipped and
alphat is playing really fast so we'll
have here we see how it pays out for him
I thought Jacob was just staring at the
camera like really in
this I I think will can start of starts
seeing what's going to happen to his
board once alpharad starts filling up
his uh that junk is going to go crazy
then those junk squares I think the
thing is Will knows how to handle a good
amount of
junk okay okay I mean look at that he
cleared some
already uh so just everyone at home just
know will is on the left it is flipped
alr's on the right going Speedy mode
will looks like he's watching his
football team send them to the right
position next game we'll figure it out
interesting I mean this is nice engaging
you know what this reminds me of have
you guys heard the story of the taurise
in the hair this is what we're see now
okay well for example the tortoise is so
confident and willing to go as fast as
he can but the toris the tortoise can we
cut that out can we get the Shuffle Bot
to cut that one out the ttis goes fast
you know what Bingo whatever I'm over it
I can't believe you said that on the
show it's so
stupid will do you know how to play
Tetris yeah I'm
[Laughter]
playing I like this strategy I like
they're setting up a te- spin right in
this game way higher than mine all I
need for him is to bot one game it's
true that makes
sense to say that no trash is being sent
over right no trash has been sent
over there rainbow Block it's going to
take a little while for that to actually
start to put in the L block there see
about the t- spin you can
slide slide
slide it seems like a little bit of a
misplay but will is getting pretty
interested so this is just alpar red
don't [__] up simulator yeah yeah I'm
okay with that I I am really take wait
like there are a couple games that do
not look amazing on Alfred Ed board here
D
Works said I was
crazy for what I know filbo is extremely
good at Tetris oh yeah man I love
blocks players look as we established
yeah he plays Minecraft Steve doesn't
matter what game I curious to see what
really ends up handing out cuz will is
in a good spot I mean slow and steady
for real yeah he has like nothing built
versus alide who's really
uh Point speed up the game right uh I'm
I'm going to quick oh God he's just
leaving the water yeah you can the
water this is this is Luigi does nothing
in Wind how's that Greek water going for
you yeah yeah they say Tetris is 95%
confidence
5% it's 5% water no you're
[__] tet for you're doing you're doing
great will this oh wow
shaky here oh if you're if you're
wondering what the colored blocks are
they're items but they do things like
cover the entire screen and you need a
weote to clear it so I just disabled the
button of using items so just pretend
they're normal colored oh good to know
smart I'll rebind
it no it like covers the entire screen
and we don't have wiimotes it will just
end the game I will say if we're talking
straight blocks this is a this is this
is more of a game than you would expect
it to be how so well I mean that's at
least five blocks tall on the right and
only two blocks tall on the left so will
has just so much less on his is the game
speeding up for Al well it speed up
equally in time both players will see
the same result got it there's not like
a point equal it's line clearers but I
guess because only one person is doing
it this is this is Tetris party project
you know the the the best game I mean
but if you're at a party and you're
playing Tetris uh I think everyone loses
you know what I mean I really don't
think there's a winner in Tetris party
I'm sorry to say oh there's a there's a
Tetris for he set up for a double
Tetris that that could kill that will
send points cuz it stacks on itself it's
exponential interesting okay oh the
combos oh the combos looking juicy look
at this WOW Alat is not doing well on
this board what a bad piece this is the
one I'm the most nervous about cuz if he
loses is that and Will's able to live
then it's game over doesn't matter how
just to double check if if one of if
they lose on any board they lose the
entire round correct that is correct yes
if any of them loses on any five games
they're out and the match is over he
knows that he's going for a Double T he
saw build up he pocketed his long piece
yep yep if team purple wins this I don't
like the implications
[Music]
[Applause]
that another
line line number two okay okay the
suspense is killing dude that board is
really bad for Jacob wow look at that
wow going clear a lot of junk
will on the left that board's going to
be bad but that treasure meter won't
actually happen until the block touches
down wow oh and he's going slow so the
slow actually does help a lot so no
matter what alpharad sends over to will
if will plays this slow he doesn't have
trash sent over and I'm going to tell
you something he's going to play till
shouldn't
work
if this works it says a lot about
Society did the shuffler
just must be a bug that was weird what
happened I just heard some weird I it's
weird cuz normally my code doesn't have
bugs in
it I've heard it's perfect that's what
they say a lot of people have been
saying this wow look at that look at
that board oh my God yeah if he wins
this game this will affect every other
game okay no he has to clear he did get
the line piece there so it does clear it
out a little bit another B look this
he's going to get a clear here okay oh
okay there a lot of trash set up on a
lot of these boards right now oh so is
the garbage on the left that red the Red
Dot oh so that's going go halfway up
okay check this out
okay so many lines out of nowhere you're
incredible that's not the game we care
about you might want to clear something
over there oh here we go so when you
said this was going to be a 7h hour
event I wondered where the time was
going to yeah yeah this is
definitely so I had the brilliant idea
that Tetris would be fast if it was just
you lose one and you're out yeah don't
hate me for breaking the game he's just
he's Simply Built different weird
shelbot loves it wait what happened to
bad uh he cleared he cleared a lot of it
he cleared a lot of it it's still not in
great shape right now but uh he is
definitely out of the the woods on
it this is a dangerous that this board
is actually D oh
no look this is the a close game why is
this a close game yeah he not right now
look at that he's still over lines but
it is a tough tough go at it I mean
that's the look if Will at any point
wants to turn it on that's the board he
needs to turn it on right cuz even if he
sends like five lines over it could be
GG but I think he's going to St tried
and true his look at that wow that goes
wrong oh this board oh this board is not
looking good either no that's okay
that's
he can recover that's super
solvable will looks like he's at like a
to5 doesn't
care down the time he's behind the desk
at a gas station you got some sunflower
seeds or
what so chill will if you just play on
this one you could snipe him you could
win
it I'm sorry I'm sorry you brought will
this board is really yeah there you go I
don't know why I'm questioning the first
place team in their strategy that board
is uh pretty bad uh from Will's
perspective there if he was going to
lose on one of them it probably would be
this nice it doesn't look good good find
good all right especially with one more
line of trash over it doesn't look good
oh this is you got to hope that keeps
going back to this right here this is
Will's chance oh he's also taking it
slow now Jacob slowing down the meta is
evolving before our
eyes clear from sucks about building up
in the middle is if it swaps randomly
and you hard drop that is just game
yeah that was pretty good yeah that was
a good one shuff's getting a little
toxic I kind the shuff's kind of nice
right now be
[Applause]
real you call with SH you look great
today I'll put you in a freaking self
checkout machine you hear me and I'm not
afraid to say it the few points where
I've seen will actually play I actually
get why he doesn't play oh yo Will's
about to get a line
which is is pretty great look at that
gotle long you got long coming you're
good wow look at
this you've got two dangerous games
though
oh can't decide he can't
decide oh look at that oh it's so
[Music]
satisfying that could be
huge Tetris for will now the first time
that he's actually put the down button
on this game any
button they love that
yeah this is this is
scary yeah this is not looking good this
wow you have a red coming next it's a t-
spin set
up this one's
scary alpharad is um still clearing here
still clear
is not looking so hot right
now this ladies and gentlemen day 17 of
the tetris world champion
CH that's it that's it will is out will
is out and the tetris
to that is
disrespectful that is
horrible how did you fist p and say good
[__] you be up I lost by doing nothing
strategy I mean yeah but you could have
put a dog up there I don't think you
could have Farley would have done as
good some water
wow listen you know everybody gets mad
when you break the game come up with a
new strategy Innovation you're smar are
you calling you're like The Fosbury Flop
of Tetris yeah of course huh what is
that is where the high jump change from
a front flip to a back flip You're the
Reason a shot clock exists you know
that's right that's right is that why
you broke your back yesterday yeah okay
that table was thick let's take a look
at some backbreaking brackets that's
right give us
replays
no I didn't add I didn't turn on the
replay module yet on the shuffler
congratulations to team blue for moving
on to the finals of Tetris next up as
you see we got team orange and Team
Green facing off in Tetris again 10
points for every match that you win 20
to the winner of Tetris 10 points to
Second
Place team orange squeaks and lwig you
guys have both been little talk during
Tetris who are you sending into battle I
am one of the best Tetris players in the
world which is why I'm happy squeak is
going up that's funny that's funny they
like that they like that that was a
really good joke I'll be representing
the orange team I'm pretty confident in
my ability so we'll see how it goes why
why is it such a long laugh it's such a
long laugh it's it it was very funny uh
Team who was the other one uh it is team
GRE the best green yeah there you go
Team Green who are you sending in to
battle for Tetris I think we got s fail
I I'm just saying I'm just saying you
know I'm the anchor I'm the anchor right
you know every single time I'm going to
go up I want to win unrestrict the
oxygen to my brain play oh my God he's
going no that is against the rules
that's against the rules that back up
okay I don't know if you heard that
commentary during the last Tetris match
but uh failboat knows a thing or two
about children watching that failboat is
carrying Eric while going
02 yeah it about how Eric's going to do
at the hey you know it's like I I want
have I want to have a character Arc okay
after the end you'll see me win on all
the games and you'll be proud of what
we've done you know the dead be older
brother in like allly films that's my
hey can I borrow her some money filbo
after this real quick I need to pay off
some
load um cool we're waiting for the
tetris to get
ready I will say playing I'm a guy I
love Tetris I would say it's my favorite
video game of all time really yeah
Tetris guy playing on a GameCube
controller is
whack that is crazy you're playing
pretty well up there too it was horrific
what what about it the analog stick you
like the analog stick I think like for
ideal Tetris like keyboard is so nice
can you not use the d-pad no you
couldn't I tried
wa
jock I don't apologize for perfect C I
like the joystick yeah but also like I
think ideal Tetris you have like your
keyboard like honestly the joyc con are
really good buttons separated have you
seen the guys who use the old Nintendo
and they like boun they they uh they
have the gloves and they uh they rapid
fire with
the really cool yeah I just think
playing with wants to talk oh no no
finish finish oh you were literally
pointing at us saying I need yeah I was
just hyped no love that he's excited
yeah he's hyped I'm happy to be here man
yeah be here this is great um let's get
into Tetris round number two between
team orange and Team Green let's see who
faces off against alpharad in the tetris
final let's begin the shuffling in three
2 1
Shuffle have you guys noticed that the
shuffle button works both ways I did
notice that's the power of the open AI
API with three billion parameters it's
only on switches three billion
parameters so little known fact about he
actually streams and really wow and and
that was the end of the sentence so I
think he'll do well here today uh I just
couldn't see him at the bottom of the
category hey let's not go that Direction
boys CRA at least we have a game here
where they're actually playing really
fast you know so we actually like see
more of a board here okay dude listen I
gave it my best shot fantastic so easy
to put out on one piece one tile over
than what you mean to and it all
collapses but playing with uh Shuffle
obviously is difficult but then adding
in the joystick honestly it always go
like one too many or even there was
Snapback the controller this [__] was
crazy I CED in joycon drift yeah there
was Joy cont definitely did you run into
the situation where you tried to fast
drop and it went to a different stage or
was that a my that we made sometimes it
did happen I like try to go down or like
up and speak fast drops right there that
is what I'm talking about I think
playing it on joystick is ispin look at
that close to close toal that's ugly
bro uh it's all right you just got to
stay alive baby squeaks you're on the
right right I'll be
honest so it's fixed for the sque is on
the right ta I think is good on every
board it's only
good only needed to be good on one board
I think if one is like there was one
messy board I had why you just try on
that we talked about it and he said and
he said I made a strat I'm sticking with
it that's right and he lost no it was a
bad it was a bad thought that he had but
I respect that he had it well when you
win a game in Shuffle uh oh my God yeah
see I I won the voice command so
actually said he wouldn't show up unless
melee was a game everyone keeps saying
this I didn't say any of this it's Mal
attributed quotes I'm sorry sir melee
said that he eats babies like we can do
this we can do
this did you say that I did it's the St
shuffler is not happy about you eating
babies maybe tell him that back got it
I'm sorry nintend just that out oh my
God it's one of the buttons just press
some buttons look at that look at that
squeaks this is your ever yeah this is
this is my go but you can come back from
it you can come back from it oh this
this is a good board [__] him on I mean
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry what doing on
this challenge here what's going on you
know what to do wait both of these teams
have zero points is that how it goes
yeah we currently both have zero only
someone has to get points now yeah yeah
Ian we'll for based on points here but
honestly yeah look at that Tetris look
at that Tetris he's been aiming for that
for all game Boo's good he's doing
pretty well here you know he was being
screwed over on that one board but seems
like he's catching back up with it
squeaks has one bad look at that oh that
is a pretty big mess up right there
that's going to take a lot of tetrises
to fix God I hate that I could hear you
guys so much now there's so yeah it's
that for right there can you guys be
quiet and focus on the game please we're
trying to commentate M oh oh that's a
bad place to drop that yeah look at that
keep it
up
fastop never a word you want to hear if
you go fast that's you can recover
faster right that's so true you just
constantly go fast that's so true of
life and love right will Doug Doug
clearly afraid of how long my event
took would it be so funny supposed to be
the fast one this supposed to be the
fast you guys stuck on failo finish this
mans this is the scary board oh he's got
a long this is the scary board for Fabo
here too we got one board for squeeze
one board for clears that right side
he's kind of cash
right just a one one line one cleverly
placed line piece clear all of that dude
I got to I got to say this is also like
a Tetris John but the next piece being
like above is weird really cuz I keep
looking at like the top on the right you
see and I kept making the the same this
is
dangerous he's not fast dropping at all
no you
can't it just shows funny pictures on
the side don't worry about it wow look
at that look at that full clear hey
squeaks you should use one of your items
I'm going to bind it I swear I'll open
it up I need to I think you have time
did you bring your spare
weote I always
do oh what is this TR baby lock in lock
in baby failboat's coming back
failboat's coming back no but he doesn't
that's like really bad for me I hasn't
gone to it yet I'm waiting oh my God
[Music]
I think he dropped that might be it that
might be
it it's over and they went back Shuffle
went back oh it is so close it is so
close just need the shuffle to get off
of this game but any garbage and he dies
oh my god oh what are you doing he needs
the shuffler off he needs the shuffler
off this game it's not shifting it won't
sh keep going keep going come on S lock
in
your one like hard draw
look that right there sque just accept
your F nice look at this look at this
for squeak backwards it's the fight that
people respect from you
wow pretty good can clear that if he
gets a cleverly placed line piece mhm if
it just stays off that one game squeaks
and holds which is possible no come on
what are we talking it's back on oh
that's itation from squeaks all it took
was one game just one game that's
huge oh my God is is that your first
point yeah yeah Ross we would have re
are you in last
place good
gentlemen Doug Doug this is wild the
team that was favored to win the event
last place the team that was favored to
come in last first place very I'm sorry
I'm
sorry that's what I'm talking about
America deserves a good Cinderella Story
Doug Doug you're Mak story up no I think
and like this orange Corella DeVille
over here is just falling apart let's go
ahead and take a look at the bracket see
how we're doing with Tetris so far we
have two Victors who are now moving on
to the finale that is right alphar red
and failboat will be playing in our
finals match of Tetris for an additional
10p points for their team this is a
rematch of our Smash Bros match alpharad
took that one let's see if failboat can
get his revenge players go ahead and get
into your station go get himilo go get
him go get him should take this good
luck Jacob I believe you believe in you
more you see I told you guys I told I I
believe in him more than you believe in
him more than believes in you oh I don't
know um shuffler production I'm
depressed where do they sit you're not
allowed to be depressed this is your
event what I'm a competitor oh my God
wait sque just on the right well I mean
I I know that in all your YouTube videos
pretty much everything you've ever done
wait can we still win why are you
dogging me I'm already down I I really
can't wait for the how I accidentally
lost uh Doug Doug's big tournament wait
we're still in it we are still come back
we are still in it we're we're a third
of the way through we're not even a
third of the way through you guys can
absolutely come back and I think so from
the bottom you have Team orange I would
have said a guaranteed Mario 64 Victory
before I would have said that but now
Smash Bros has happened so I think you
guys have a good chance at Mario Doug
I'm playing in the next Smash Bros thing
and I'm using jiggly
puff I'm doing it I'm I'm doing it if
somebody's willing to swap with you yeah
oh cuz our team's not even in it you're
not even
you can play for and you know why
because I assumed you would win the
first one and I was like you know what
let's not have L just win both smash you
assume then you said you can't play you
put 5,000 hours in it l I did and it was
all waste I wish that instead I had
consumed
gasoline well I do have some Greek water
if you want some it's equivalent to gas
could I get some yeah you can get some
Greek water here I got you gas basically
they use this to power cars every now
and then I've heard they use this to
burn the
ships what what like alcohol what youing
you never heard of Greek firebombs no no
they they used it to burn the ships that
would try to maraud their towns and you
just put that in your stomach yeah and
then I'll and then you put a lighter
inside oh wow interesting little fun
that's that's super interesting so let's
get into our tenis finale we are ready
ladies and gentlemen this is the finals
of the tetris shuffling battle again
five games shuffles randomly between
them if you lose any of the five you are
out the match is over players are ready
let's begin the shuffled Final in three
two one
Shuffle let's go I think this is going
to be a competitive match I'm excited to
watch it yeah it looks like both of them
are going for the will
[Applause]
strategy interesting they're matching
each other right now look at failboat's
board he did the slow Str and then just
put a piece out in the worst spot
possible he like waited an hour I don't
know if you can comprehend his absolute
genius in this game but that puts him up
to uh uh really really pull ahead in the
late game you know what I realized by
playing this it's never really smart to
fast drop because if you're fast
dropping back to back oh did you realize
that or were you shown that by a [__]
Visionary sit there and shut up he was
he was ahead of his time he was ahead of
his time yeah Visionary by sitting there
just like twirling around in your you
just said what I did was Visionary I
okay you know what will sh did not like
that the Shuff not like that yeah this
is the board that I already feel bad
about for failboat nah he can recover no
he's he's got this for sure oh look at
that block right there that's a little
bit of a weird one who do you think's
going to win wow they are matching each
other this is a game that we can't
comprehend right now I hope that
failboat wins but I think Jacob will win
and I hope failboat wins cuz I believe
the score right now has team blue above
I think it's 40 or 30 20
uh completely being carried by Jacob I
have not I just need a
I'll see you in the second the show yeah
for sure all right how about we say you
guys can't just sit here we are playing
a game just hold just hold down is this
like a strke do the streamers like I
think the strategy is they want the
people who've been drinking the Greek
water to fall asleep and then have the
advantage in the rest of the
tournament just not this
[Music]
one that's right everybody at home now
is the time for
a now they got it picked up
agement I love when men are gentle is
that right that's true really yeah
gentle in what way specifically when
they handshake to go fast in Tetris
obviously yeah you don't listen or care
about consensual
dueling we should bring back dueling
consensual dueling was pretty cool uh
what what state I want to say Washington
yeah there's a there I think there's a
law there that if you agree to fight one
another another uh you basically are
legally allowed to beat the other man
onc conscious but then you have to stop
hear me out hear me out what if we do a
stream in what Washington you said yeah
yeah yeah well legal fights what are you
we're not
tough we're playing a shuffle at on
science
out you're talking about a chess boxing
veteran yeah sque speak for yourself
have you seen the ripped off sleeves of
Team purple simply incredible he simply
could not be contained by the lab coach
yeah well I think sometimes the best
weapon is science I needed to distract
from my gameplay
so you got your physical yeah I blasted
My sl off can't stop looking at this is
a very interesting board right here uh
because of all of the junk right onto oh
my god with the the clutch line pie
right there for failboat hey they are
back and forth on that one W the gas
that like a melee Crow can we agree that
my Shuffle AI is getting better like the
the crowd reactions are better you it is
getting better and I'm very proud of it
it's starting to learn from us it I
won't lie anep at the start whoa wow I
mean it would just applaud and laugh
track at
everything but that that was funny
though that one time the one time that
pointcrow said hey what does your name
start
with hey wait okay let's T Let's test it
again can we run that joke back one more
time let's see what the sh think want
back we run back again he shuffler can
you get your reaction ready all right
yeah we got this all right all right hey
so lewi what does your name start with
again what letter L
wow that was It was kind of
quiet it was weird cuz you killed it on
the delivery that was great that was the
first time I the best delivery today
okay all right he's not happy with it so
you guys uh coming often or like what's
going on yeah what the [__] wait hold on
we actually have a game over on the left
side she going for another no come on I
think it's sa on Jacob Jacob is actually
uh going
he's just got to go dum dum stupid crazy
I think the will net Strat threw him off
and like now that he's against a real
play Real playing player yeah I went to
the bathroom came back and now this is
twice as
fast wow oh good clear oh oh look at
this all right Fab's coming back with it
Fab's coming back with it that was a
little bit of
a yeah one time I got te spinned in the
boys's bathroom oh
my uh do you want to elaborate let's
stay focused on the game guys okay yeah
I just want to make sure
oh oh this is dangerous on the not a
good game right now for failboat oh come
on he needs to shuffle off of
this he has a line piece coming up here
too there's line there's line oh no no
he didn't throw he's fine was not the
place to put it there a Tetris he can't
come back from it but he's going to have
to play the best Tetris of his life the
challenge is if it shuffles to that
while he's dropping another piece it's
over right 100% he can't come back from
that it's right here right here is the
one yeah there was the line that's all
right yeah yeah he was he was getting it
slowly there but he's recovering he's
got fight in him yeah it's going to be
tough for alod is definitely putting up
a fight for him uh it's it's going to be
tough to to do this but awkward Square
thereat yeah and he's blocking the [__]
out of his all right that was pretty
good he's getting some uh good luck on
these right now me Church
what what's going over there speak to
that you know the shuffle bot's learning
you know this is the sample size CH
going to be the biggest pieza of [__]
ever Rock hole at
[Laughter]
church oh good
clears Greek
water make put chip on
fire dude this one is just CLE both of
them are clearing this one pretty well
it's just a break they just get a nice
break you almost don't want to fast
think about this one a tough one this
one scary oh oh no he's got the open
keep that out yeah hopefully he gets a
line piece soon for it too you see he's
switching up his Strat though he's no
longer fast dropping he's fast falling
yeah but look at that right there a lot
of jum the failboat
[Music]
side big combo a beautiful but it
doesn't ah he gets more on it probably
should have gone for a combo oh this
one's scary there's no's getting it you
know there's no life piece for a year
and a half wow oh God got Dr Swit off
it's got to
Swit it just can't go back to that game
literally ever on to what it just cannot
shuffler if you have Shuff he has to
remember to be you have a heart in you
shuffler you will not switch back to
that
game no not the laugh please wow shuer
hates us wow holy [__] boo no boo
you there it is he he's holy [__] holy
[__] that is that not out he still here
how is he still do oh my God he's still
in it he's
insan oh come on he's still alive
there's no
way technically alive got on the ropes
Jacob keep it up come on failboat that
was an unbelievable clutch and then huge
misclick failboat you got you have to
kill him in one of the other ones
quickly is getting a little getting a
little tight here's the thing where's
Jacob's stress he's just crushing him
like a little gra unfortunately Jacob
doesn't right this I think this is
Jacob's worst board right now which
isn't as bad yeah for sure for
sure that was a good game though that
was a god from alar that was clean Al G
damn you're insane at Tetris F you could
you could be doing better yeah what if I
had a bit more of a reaction that was
our first point you know your turn yeah
yeah who who you talking about I fought
for my life in that game oh my gracious
oh dude you did that great you yeah both
of those you could have clutched and
then slight out of that failboat oh my
God it's almost as if the GameCube
controllers aren't ideal for this but
let's take a look at the scores now that
Tetris is wrapped
up okay not last boys not last two teams
tied
for equally doing great this is where
this next event
desperately needs a win all the pressure
is
onque going destroy we'll introduce it
in a sec don't don't rush it all right
you could have read it on the graphic
that I made too slow it's it's all right
we'll talk about it um we're still in it
l i want to melt you can do it make me
an a wax figure I will I'll I'll put you
all together to be the best at what game
itd be hard yeah what's the next what
what game on be patient I think in
really this is his game to lose if they
lose Super Mario the depression that
orange team will fall into will be
profound to be clear I have no ego on
Super Mario World blindfolded it's not
yeah but that's but that's the beauty of
it you know what I mean like no ego
going into a game that's when you can
really play I feel like I took mushrooms
the way my ego died after the melee
section no you have nothing to lose now
you have everything to gain put
everything on the board lwig and I
believe in you who wants to swap let me
give me let me get the Kirby section
who wants to swap me you would have to I
would swap you but you have to play for
our
team
you're you guys are better than me you
have to convince one of the two you have
to convince purple or blue to take your
spot in pegle race but before we get
into the next game I want to introduce a
little bit of experimental code that
I've been working on uh as you guys know
if you've watched my streams I've been
doing some AI generated voices and uh so
so I am going to activate a little bit
of code that I've been working on that
should allow the shuffler to actually
verbalize what it's doing uh as I
mentioned training data is very limited
but as we talk to it more it will be
able to actually uh say more coherent
sentences hopefully as this goes on this
is my first time working with a llama
open source that's cool llm so maybe
this works so give me a second round of
applause very coolg if we if we talk we
it just like hear it or the mic's like
yeah it it should it should okay I like
your fancy words science man let's
activate the shuffler voice module in
three 2 one go that switch do every how
much does this do well there's a little
bit behind here as they're a little
delayed this time okay hold on a sec uh
so testing Mike shuffler you catching
you catching us
hello I thought fail but thing it worked
it actually worked it actually worked
okay cool um shuffler can you talk a
little bit about your AI what is
powering everything that's going on
here yeah
that's a big ass just learned how to say
yes uh okay math should be working at
this point can you give us lovely I
lovely okay it's got self-esteem so it
starts with like I think 15 words in the
database we have three numbers so want
you do a math equation
uh hold on hold on shuffler uh
6,241 divided by
133.5 oh think 69 4 55 3 3 3 three
oh that's so wrong it's like wild that
was that was that was they said eight
numbers in a row and we all
applauded
yes I love
you
congratulations that was like The Iron
Giant shler shler how do you feel about
blood hey just careful with words that
you say it will start how do you feel
about lwig though processing
okay I hate
L he working great H even the even the
audience module love that one all right
shuffler um so I'm gonna try to get you
a little more involved as this goes on
just make sure you are picking things up
why don't we jump into the event list
why don't you go ahead and introduce our
next event for us Shuffle yes yeah okay
we just wrapped up Tetris sh what do we
got gut yeah
superio 64 no not quite super no no no
so so that's so that's later that'll be
the that'll be
the okay try again try again next what
what is what is up
next Super Mario World blindfold yeah
there we go okay pick it
up it can
laugh well you guys were laughing
earlier
has it been listening to us the whole
time yes so we have an open mic that's
being fed into the back end dog this dog
shit's barely better than you as a host
how about we just
bad I have idea why don't you come up
here you do a little hosting let's see
what the shuffler thinks of
you jack why don't we get one one line
can I get I
get just give give us your Best Host
line sure yeah love [__]
you
you and we're going to use this 10
points for team orange completely wrong
does that work does that work
no okay let's just play the game let's
just play the game that's
right no oh okay um as shuffler
explained we are jump oh he loved that
we are jumping into to Super Mario World
blindfolded two players Super Mario 6
not very close Shuff it's the right game
you're getting there
sorry just keep uh just keep kind of
correcting him when you see it s next
game Super Mario World blindfolded two
players are competing on either side one
of them is playing the game but they are
blindfolded their teammate is behind
them guiding he's like a hype man in a
rap song you're saying it word he's like
blindfolded yeah sorry oh oh what switch
yes switch yes sir switch [__] oh
wait what was it [__] inside
me wow the most romantic thing that's
happened to me in a long time I
learn it
knows my throat okay all right that was
maybe a little mistake uh please do not
cut okay you are going to corrupt our
our little boy here so please be careful
with this um our two teams for super
Mario World blindfolded our blue team
with Ross and Alpa rad please head over
Super Mario World
blindfolded go Blue Team both of you are
heading over there and you are versus
orange team with squeaks and lwig go get
into the
position
H is this what everyone does or is this
uh no just one just one will if you want
to jump on the couch oh I want to get
you to ask a little bit of uh a little
little bit history of the
shuffler yeah yeah quick
little do do you want me to ask you or
the shuffler shuffler hey hey shuffler
you know you're such a remarkable piece
of technology uh how did you come into
being how do you feel about your
creator
I oh error
error can't think of it they're going
through their growing period okay it's
going through puberty
right overflowing with love for the
Creator can I give it prompts yeah again
we can kind of teach it um okay so we
can ask it questions if we want to yeah
yeah yeah okay let's go cuz players are
getting set up why don't we just help
start to train so again I did like
minimum amount of training date on a
llen a llama open source llm so the more
we talk the more it'll evolve Point Crow
good point Crow good
purple bad what purple
bad it's good Super Mario
World that was
good I would never P to you cuz I know
you're the real hero around here right
yeah
yeah robot whoa whoa
okay you said Bad Robot you talk all
right you're gonna have to go take
another dump inside of the Shuff angry
angry not okay not okay all right it
sounds like players we ready good to go
angry
lwig oh okay really doesn't like orang
team here buddy uh hold on this ISAT eat
[__] learning eat [__] do not learn
unlearn unlearn the [__] okay players
you have to beat a single level of Super
Mario World I recommend doing the right
one that you're starting on the first
team to beat it wins the match now I've
tested this with people some people do
this first try they just knock it out
some people it's like 30 minutes where
will you stand on this let's find out
I'm going to use this very important
switch which is absolutely necessary to
starting Mario World
blindfolded Super Mario
6 let's start Super Mario World
blindfolded in three 2 1
[Applause]
go Super Mario World
blindfolded got got this is all about
immediately into the Koopa if you grab
that shell you can run the whole level
that was a big mistake for both teams
just going straight look at Ross right
here he grab sh run the I think team
blue has the advantage here cuz Jacob
doesi there's also a Yoshi on this right
there oh they they ran past the Yoshi
shuffler B who do you think has right oh
takes the first death
it's it's okay now they can try and grab
the shell on this relaunch or they can
go for the Yoshi which gives them an
additional hit yeah Yoshi's a smart bre
there's
the sprinting the shell is going to give
him a break away he can just keep
going okay so you can't kick them there
but you can kick them when they're
already knocked out of the sh take it
okay okay okay shuffler boot do you have
a bias right now you think would like to
win this full
Sprint oh
again oh Ross is clawing the game
controller he's got like a special very
uh the Double claw Str is actually a
really important one for speedr running
allows you to have a little bit more
control over both it's actually really a
good
good shler like that
one was that a joke or did somebody say
a joke or was that just okay just I just
kind of I don't know what happened it'll
find places to last for slowing it
down oh wow wait he going back okay that
level doesn't count that's the
freebie no no
no that is clever though no shuffler
that's not the right game no no no no
they have it has to be one of the actual
levels okay okay byass it's all good
it's all good you're still
[Applause]
learning take it up my Tom
Brady surprised team has gone for
Yoshi I feel like Yoshi just like such a
huge Advantage Yoshi is a huge advantage
and it's it's crazy that they just keep
by yeah I mean it is an extra hit you
know it is an extra hit which they
clearly see what
his has a strat now all all right let's
see what this is here here
this is just like a tour you got to keep
going the Yosi goes for the jump clear
the jum go right go
right the shell
here that correct was immediate the
checkpoint that me if they he resps
there you're not wrong about the sh JP
over the sh is
huge
loste
over over JP on
it blue team takes it goes wild that was
actually
insane the jump onto the football player
at the end incredible that was like
perfect yeah insane I think that was
actually a one
trick he's crazy don't worry team orange
so many events still to
play very
they should be he guards the last tape
yeah the second football player not the
first one yeah yeah the first one was
crazy there was there was a a little
special thing that Ross told me before
this too you said that you've uh done
this before Super Mario uh original uh
Mario we did it for the uh geng Grumps
live show yeah so little some experience
actually done this cuz uh shout out
Jaden animations she did a video on
Super Mario World blindfolded and and I
had her guide her through that exact
level
so so you knew the strats I knew the
strats my Strat was just to simplify it
as much as possible it was run and it
was just run and jump I only said to
jump did did did we hear the shuffler
say something to Doug what was
it oh it trying to get your
attention it is St birthday oh
congratulations
t.tv how did thank sh happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you I I had it
scrap dat off your
Facebook is your Facebook up to date
birth Stolen Valor P from Facebook oh
yeah it is
also well NE
birthday
[Music]
happy birthday
to cuz it pulls out the Facebook data
yeah to
you happy birthday
dear birthday to you once you hit your
30s the year just fly I just had a
birthday
conres time really speeds up on you can
we get a check is it Ludwig's birthday
birthday too
processing it might
be it is
not
wow are not that sucks man can the
shuffler sing Happy
Birthday what's up shuffler you okay I
saw too many Facebook posts ow ow error
error bald error on ow ow
um shuffler uh is it the
wires
potentially it knows important important
pain help help help sh shler shuer whoow
Point Crow who can
help how can I how can I help uh it's
it's the it's one of these over
here wait oh try pressing the buttons
turn that
way that no hands this way play make
play [__] inside him [__] inside I [__]
inside of him W wall the wall wall okay
I I I see I see a whole bunch of wires
here for you pain the wall P the wall is
pain unplug red wire okay unplug the red
what happens if I unplug another wire do
I listen to the shuffler I put in a
module for self-repair just listen to
the Shuffling no I think this is an
opportunity here right if I'll pull the
white wire if you don't give us 10
points
[__] have by the ball yeah you I
literally could yank one those his balls
explosive explosive okay oh okay okay
shuffler you are going to know how to
repair this better than me please just
walk him through whatever you got to do
I don't want to blow up what do you what
do you need me to do here unplug green
wire
okay I think he's trying to blow at this
one okay I unplug the green wire it's
gone good okay okay anything else do we
need you need me to do eat green
wire is this if you need eat dude
what you eating the [__] get away
from there get out
of okay hold on not in my contract we
are going to need to do a little
debugging Jesus Christ
okay okay I'm on the
self it's a little sour it's a little
electrifying oh yeah give me a few
minutes please to just check that
nothing is messed up here uh I think
it's mostly good um while we [__] do
some de in um sit and [__] to no I hold
on I we got to fix this I I what I'm
thinking shuffler I'll activate the
movie module oh movie movie yes yes yes
so movie movie module is active uh
shuffler can you activate one of the
movies because we got some old copyright
free ones that I added into the cool the
training data magnificent um let's go
ahead let's do this for a few minutes
while I do some debugging and then we
will get back into it shuffler whenever
you're ready activating movie sequence
in 3 2 1
go
[Music]
magnificent great important
great
all right love
boy wait I I thought I saw a pulsation
of the
heart you're
right Dr bradshire is beginning to
breathe you've brought this man back to
life no no no no no the heart muscle
simply responded to a terrific
electrical shock that boy
to yes but it does prove that the still
function Dr
Bradshaw he is alive a shock reaction
can't last his cells are multiplying now
if your theory is
right we could keep that reaction going
longer but it's worth a
try get the body out here is
smart he is
[Music]
important get some adrenaline from the
supply room some Amal nitrite too hurry
hurry
think
think stand stand think take
[Music]
stand
with I think he
live
must move your heart can't stand the
strain now you must lie still please
please easy now please please easy you
must like easy please learning
[Music]
processing
shitty Dr Bradshaw's experiment had
given life back to the butcher he tried
to talk but the electrical voltage had
burned out his vocal cords voltage yet
it hadn't destroyed his brain he knew
who he was he knew who he hated fight as
he stumbled about the room I think he
thought only about one kill low squeam
and Joe
marceli the tremendous electrical
voltage that Dr br
structure to the point where he was no
longer a man Dr Bradshaw's experiment
had created a vicious brutal anim with
an almost inconceivable strength Dr
Bradshaw must have believed the butcher
regained life would last for only a few
minutes therefore instead of calling for
help the doctor decided to handle his
creation alone now easy Bon just relax I
I'm a doctor I want to try to help you
do you understand me you're in my
laboratory the execution carried outed
dead I tried an experiment on you and
brought you back to life although I
didn't intend that now you've had a
great job now now come and sit down now
be quiet now come and sit down take it
easy that's
boy important great important great
important are violent how do you scary
each cell must have multiplied 100 times
perhaps thousands his strength is
unbelievable no no no it's too late for
the Amo
nitrate I want to get some blood samples
make some tests on him find out what's
happened get me
a
mofy scary
[Music]
boofy
I can't
look I won't theen
scary tissue must be nearly a solid mass
of cells how are we going to get the
blood
sample surgically
perhaps now e take it easy you can't
leave here now I'm responsible for your
being alive H do
H yes do
hit
kill do
it
you make me
[Music]
laugh hey okay we are back good news
check the wires uh no more issues with
shuffler AI is working correctly we are
good to get into our next event Angry
Angry Angry what's up Sher we want movie
no so we got we got to continue with the
tournament we have to there's going to
be like a grand prize reveal at the end
you know
so we're going to continue we want movie
uh shuffler you do not have access to
the movies so I am going to go ahead and
move on why don't we focus on the next
event want who you know it would be fun
shuffler
[__] I'm sorry what uh that is not
allowed who which one of you told the
shuffler about porn H sorry oh okay well
several of you have
okay so do we have the [__] now or later
the movies that we play have to be TOS
friendly shuffler I I literally had you
pick them are like we're we're good
right porn copyright free yeah okay that
sounded mildly confident okay um just no
need for a movie when we have the next
event it is Bomberman go ahead bring up
our next event list shuffler thank you
shio not really wants Mario 64 yes but
uh Shuff you know what game you would
really love instead of that it is yes it
is
bomber man bomber man that's right
everybody's favorite arcade classic
bomber man is going to be a 2v2 game two
players will compete against two players
you have to blow up your opponent with
bombs it's fairly straightforward if you
haven't seen it but there are five games
being played simultaneously and it's
going to shuffle between them randomly
every two to 15 seconds it's going to be
a disaster our first match in Bomberman
is between Team Green P Crow and
failboat versus Team
again who is going to be playing for
Team Green let goow is finally playing a
video game both are playing right forget
I said anything both go both guys go up
there get on up
there yeah we take the couch I like how
this what's require to make sure plays a
game you got yeah jump on this
headset bomber man Generations I mean
we're in a good spot cuz we can like see
what the Strat is we're in a good spot
because we have so few points that we
can only gain seems to like Point grow a
lot we got we're going to win we have to
Wi bom man is is anybody's game I think
no nobody's like a bomber man guy right
like no no like nobody's made a
Bomberman YouTube channel right we'll
find out I I mean I have a feeling that
R going to get get up there and say yeah
we had a live show we actually did a
bomber man
tournament you that's what I'm saying
Ross has a he's got a career right of
playing all sorts of games it's the
deepest history right yes probably
played it once or twice you probably
played it okay all right I mean it's
bomber man I think the thing is the of
Game Grumps episode four bom you know I
probably played it on Gamers I do not
remember I I think I played this at like
my dentist office when they had like an
N64 onside actually when I was a kid my
dentist hadan for the
64 yeah and Super Mario 64 but it's like
the dichotomy I think he's talking
calling for you yes sir
what is
dentist dentist is
a oh
yeah what is dentist do you know what te
teeth are I don't know if that was in
the training data
no that's a hard start it's a hard
explan it's bones it's where you get
it's where you get your wires clean it's
like debugging yeah for your mouth yeah
you got a mouth oh sorry no oh okay no
uh my bad I got to be more gentle with
you I got to remember you're only like
30 minutes old I don't care hey Shu
shuffler yes Shuffle it is my
[Applause]
birthday happy birthday
to that must have been on your Facebook
page oh we all coming up here birth
we're going over
here
[Music]
happy birthday
to shuffler how old are you
turning
what how many birthdays have you had
yeah how many
birthdays what that's fair Happy First
Birthday yeah congratulations okay
birthday my birthday
one okay uh again we're still Noe oh
wait two his second birthday second
birthday happy birth get over get ready
sing while we're playing go ahead
players getting your positions I think
we're all ready shuffler you good for
bomber man code's
working
[Applause]
Happ ladies and gentlemen I three yes he
is three three years old congratulations
uh it's an honor to have been here
through all 30 minutes of your three
birthdays uh shuffling for Bomberman
will begin players you ready again this
is a 2v2 game you have to win three out
of the five matches by killing your
opponents let the shuffling begin in
three two one
[Music]
Shuffle can we talk about the
Synergy white and black are a team
versus red and blue so the spawns are
not consistent though no no white and
black are always top right there's top
left and top bottom is that right
absolutely you got a top and bottom over
here as well oh that's almost death yeah
you're right I didn't explain that very
well oh that's a death yeah white and
black is Team Green is scary yes so
failboat and point curl are white and
black will NE and stands are red and
blue if you blow up your opponents you
win oh
[Music]
he's and there is friendly fire yeah and
you
get one one here white vers blue is
stupid is me what is this in addition
curse is cool oh okay stupid and cool
the dream and sta is
scary a lot of adjectives for
St and love
W
uh-oh okay well that's a game for Team
Green Oh wait that's a game for another
one for Team Green that's two up fail
and pointcrow currently up 2 I think
Master an
ad shuffler do you
know okay know the dentist is but knows
I yes I do thank I do is
it's what it's what do you
[Music]
think
stupid you didn't know what teeth were
yeah learn passive aggression before the
D I installed the penis module before
the teeth module that's fair we only had
so much time order of operation you have
to install the penis module with your
teeth penis module penis
module grabbing penis module no do not
sh let's let's hold off on that till the
end till after the
[Applause]
show One V one and this is maybe for the
win if white wins it again white and
black are up 20 right now they just need
one more
dub and they got a 2 one over here throw
it apparently you can have a power
there's a throw power up what you can
grab it it's the hand looking one didn't
they say like they never played bomber
man before I honestly played it for 5
minutes in the break and I couldn't
figure out how to throw or kick and I
died seven times by myself I think you
just walked into it to kick it it did
not work for me oh that's that was it
right that's that's hard to tell it was
very quick but white crow and F take it
they take it all right a big dub for
Green Team getting on the
board the Father and Son combo have
emerged
Victorious that actually go well for us
so the missing link was Point
interesting see that very interesting
we
[Music]
do really what's up said the shuffler
said you're magnificent oh hey shuffler
you're you're you're quite a piece of
work yourself you know big cool hey
shuffler you know what I love you oh a
a a i I love you
too okay not not feeling fail no no
that's okay that's okay that's okay
right you're you're it's okay it's okay
you oh that was very sweet of it
appreciate you um well the points don't
love everybody
[Laughter]
equally go ahead go ahead bring up the
bracket Shuffle let's take a look at how
bber man is shaping up um we have our
first Victor it's Team Green in the
finals of bomber man next up we're going
to have Team blue going off against team
orange we need it we need orange team
versus purple team don't no should we
give it to them just a blue team right I
think that
wasue team right blue team oh blue sorry
wait what did I shuffler what did you
say blue blue team okay versus orange
team got it there we go thank you
shuffler Doug blood was running some
math and mathematically orange team
needs at least points in this event or
they are eliminated really wow so if
they lose here mathematically they can't
take first hold on cuz they can win if
they get 20 points here well they need
they need at least points here is what
I'm saying at least points okay got it
got it so they need like 10 points so
interesting Stakes here shuffler I'd be
curious your analysis as well here
orange team leing squeaks need to get a
dub in bomber man or theoretically
they're eliminated which we will double
check with uh the math module actually
let me install that one sec I don't know
if we can trust the math module after
that last equation yeah I I don't know
how to kick uh that should actually be
running shuffler can you run a quick
analysis orange team what is their
prognosis going into this event what do
they need to win okay
will
lose I mean I'm more me about oh I'm
more me about the points like what you
know what would happen if they lose like
are they still in contention for the
finale no okay oh my goodness you seem
confident
yeah yeah it is
inconsequential I pretty no I think it
is consequential so shuffler try running
sorry I dumb sorry
I confidence
issues I no no no no Shuff Shuff
shuffler you're doing great you're doing
great you the training data is growing
we haven't introduced uh players can we
all get a number please throw us out
give give us three birthday three two
one three okay uh with that can you
please rerun analysis orange teams
chances is
alphad
third birthday oh birthday
[Applause]
congratulations so many people were to
you I I do think I might have set it to
the exact same Facebook page
accidentally but uh that's all right uh
players are we ready we ready to play
some bomber man all right it'll reset
obv go bomber man uh shuffler you ready
I didn't check with you yet yeah all
right cool thanks ladies and Gentlemen
let's get ready for round number
two no it's Bomberman it's it's bomber
man yep it's bomber just a reminder so
Bomberman and then smash Kirby mode and
then Mario then Mario 64 beginning the
bomber man Shuffle of event round two in
3 2 1
Shuffle I got to admit it's getting
better at conversation though right
right it is it the shuffler is learning
do like it was able to respond to most
of those words so blue team are the
white and black players orange team are
the red and blue if they win three out
of five they take the
match wow black goes
down so EAS
yeah
oh no they already it's anyone's game
could be could anyone including
alpar so red just picked up a thing that
let
them sque is on orange team yes so if
they walk into a bomb they can slideing
along the
alley I Googled Escape for 2 minutes two
wait does anybody know what the items do
I don't fire makes fire makes your bomb
go farther bomb makes you have more
bombs leg lets you kick or leg makes you
go faster hand lets you throw the bomb I
think okay oh my God b game right there
the double kill oh oh what a kick the
power bomb's going to be
[Music]
big wow it's one1 right now one
one1 oh my good I don't know you're the
one shuffling red red this is your
responsibility I think he's trying to
get orange out shuffler is has a
vendetta against Orange right now a long
now all right oh oh no F they F there's
so many
elov oh the moving bombs there in the oh
the moving bombs are skates the bomb oh
oh you could have trapped him you missed
the opportunity no no no this is still
very possible they're put all their
bombs next to each other wait wait
TR over over it's one1 yet again oh the
makes faster oh I'm playing oh
no that the players died got to remember
that they respawned back
in Kick That was almost a clutch oh
roller
skates all right fire I think is just
longer range oh my
God okay one one for team orange team
orange is up 10 great oh they tra the
point they're fine they're F they wow
that was a close one right there got it
you got it they can move out of those
situations oh this is awkward but
they're fine
uh hold so shuffler can you hold out
until the end of the show we're about
halfway through are you that hungry yeah
okay cool oh got a new game I'm going to
order donuts for you wait can I get one
yeah you can get one oh what no oh no no
no okay it's just for the shuffler I
want pizza okay we can I guess we can
order oh wait we won won that's we're
not done we're not done all the way wait
that's two for team now they need one
more game to which this one very much
could be well it yeah the break map has
like nothing left on it
carque SC is wow blue with the triple
powerups
ohill
oh shuffler what are you doing for this
shuffler why' you save this
one
all that's right that's right yeah so
right oh God this one's scary because
there's like no more oh you can throw to
the left okay that's one for team blue
it's now one to
two he is
gassy gassy yeah you can barely see the
bombs in the grass oh you killed
yourself no no no they're fine they're
fine they're fine the explosion didn't
reach him no I think if they switch back
he's dead they have to win faster it's
going to be a close one it's going to be
a close one right here okay white get
sniped
care opportunity right here to get this
pin blue has the advantage here
this is a great flank to a pen oh God
that
is take it they are finally on the board
it took five events but orange team has
finally won a single match
congratulations team wow they're back
guys are dominant that's
good lose that to I mean Ross and I were
talking though like we might as well
give orange team a point
yeah you get it you guys did the same
thing right yeah you want to make it
interesting hey well I don't know I
think fa and I really earned that win
right there absolutely I well earned
three
batt let's go ahead and check out what
no that yes oh yeah uh let's go ahead
and check out the bracket see where our
teams are landing right now that's right
in in the finals we've got Point Crow
and failboat versus squeaks and it's got
to be interesting squeak and lwig now
have 10 points they still in contention
but they still need to win this to have
a good shot and make it to the Grand
Finale as a reminder the two teams with
the most points at the end of the event
are the ones that compete in the finals
so points are what get you in to the
final match very important failboat is
currently squaring up feel laggy to you
entering Bomberman pry bad right didn't
feel great no I think he was like
picking team the shuffler wants you to
fight me try to balance it out he had to
fight lwig I don't know if the shovel
actually [__] me up more in that game
than I thought it would they're going to
think prob means think he means
inber go ahead get get set up over there
I poke in poke
outow the throw the kick are
to bber I think the craziest thing is
I've played a good amount of bomber man
really yeah it's just embarrassing
Shuffle is hard with bom I don't think
I've played that bom I haven't played
that ball final match players Who you
calling get this who Who you calling is
going to win this teams over here she's
going to lock in but orangs good take it
orange seems good squeaks carry squeaks
carry all right everybody we are ready
for the final match of Bomberman we've
got Team Green versus oh that's a very
intimate position over there you would
have thought it would switch but that's
okay I am going to change my prediction
this is all green team now we are going
to start the bomber man match in three
two one
Shuffle as a reminder three of five
games gets you the dub and 10 points for
your team good luck I think it's crazy
we did not play our game until the end
of the round what was that yeah I was
really surprised we just had a new game
at the very
end what is duum DB oh what me what is
DB D oh oh uh it's like a win it's like
a win like a
w
win learning
I just got to say game's harder than the
looks yeah yeah way harder I I don't
even go so far I my least experience but
this has been the hardest game with
shuffling cuz you can just walk into
your own bomb so easily yeah or lock
yourself in the corner either work okay
right I would love to see bom man come
back me too too for sure what do you
think this event's for will oh yeah this
is Bomberman B why
sponsored by bomber man I just like
bomber man Dude Looks chill you know
yeah yeah yeah he's a he's a good
classic
character wait who's what color I'm
actually lost is still blue and red we
black and white black and
white got you gotcha okay
GRE yes no I know the players it's more
it's more who they are in the game
and what bomb uh Power Bomb I think it
makes it bigger I think your next bomb
is like as big as it can be if you get a
p bomb and you don't want the skull I
don't think yeah so you're Lane
explosions bigger no I think I think the
skull makes you invincible doesn't it
does it I don't does it I think that's
how they want I think they should test
it no the skull makes you slow and Cur
skull makes you slow and Cur it might
but it's like the tradeoff it makes you
invincible you know so you can walk
straight into the bombs
F over there but we never know unless
they try so it's just a curse
item I think you should try that's
that's how it gets
you when a bomb's about to blow up and
it swaps it sucks you die you die every
time I think you just hold the correct
direction and wait for it to cut back
yeah it is on it is on yeah it's on it
the game is definitely on a it's he's
got
double got so many
[Music]
Powers feel like the throwing ability is
really overpowered but I didn't really
get to use it oh somebody somebody chat
so many chat said the skull curse you
can toss onto somebody else I think you
can spread it just it's like a
disease reading
check oh okay don't do that don't do
that yeah
uh maybe don't learn off of that
off had a problem with that
uhoh bad who why is white flying around
the
map wait how do you st hit with
the yeah he just decided he's done
playing the game it was a conscious
decision honestly this just makes me
want to play more bomber man
I can't say the same I love I used to
play it all the time man uh no not yeah
oh that was a
crazy a bandit like be oh my God arrows
you can kick the bom into the arrows
shuffler can you activate the POG champ
module
yes I
will thank you
shler
[Music]
hey oh God that was
scary oh the kick oh it's coming
back a patient game
okay okay that's one for orange that's
one for
orange really really good blocking
technique there squeaks is crushing it
my God I think I want orange to win cuz
I think it have the least impact on the
overall tournament me too yeah that's
who I'm rooting for let's go
orange oh
Ry two for orange two for
orange red and blue need one more game
to take the
match
congrats that was one of the previous
ones I think right okay okay okay oh
that's that's curtain right there that's
game though right that's absolutely if
they don't they have to escape
immediately
yeah uh come on okay Orange has
Advantage here oh I think they're
waiting black is waiting for it yeah one
one on this G I hold down to left
here that's
it that's it right that's three that's
three God damn that was crazy dominant
performance from Orange woo
okay
magnificent yeah I'm glad they got some
points yeah
yeah
I don't know how to play that game yeah
they do have 64 I think we is back baby
yeah we are so strong we can only kill
ourselves I have no idea how to play
that game I was just playing placing
bombs down that's really
it wow that was zany Shuff shff yes yeah
shuffler what you think are we on good
terms
now oh
yes back in the good graces of the hey
can I call you
friend
I am your
friend [__]
okay we will teach you love you hear me
we will teach you love look I'll pin you
down and kiss you wow say that I don't
think you should ever say that you're
physically capable talking shovel we're
good we're friends unplug it why don't
you guys stop interrupting my private
conversation [__]
you all right sh want go bring up the uh
scoreboard let's take a look at how the
teams are fairing after the bomber man
match okay okay lot closer lot closer 40
202 as a reminder after nine events the
two teams with the most points do go
into the grand finale so it's very much
anybody's game at this point we are
about halfway through and in fact Super
Mario World blindfolded no so shuffler
very close basically so shuffler we're
going from the top to the bottom we just
finished bomber man can you go ahead and
tell me what the next game
is starting in three no two one go BR
Kirby mode there we go Smash Bros Kirby
mode Smash Brothers Kirby mode lwig yep
oh what yeah lwig yep okay are we okay
suck okay real up and down relationship
Smash Brothers
kby mode oh he's saying you're bad at it
okay I'm I'm not even playing in it so
it's not relevant yeah unless one of the
teams wants to swap no no they don't
want it okay they want going in sorry
about that Smash Bros Kirby mode is
between team purple and team blue you
each got to pick one member from your
team who's heading into battle go ahead
send them in now Smash Bros Kirby mode
if you haven't played at home is the
best way to play Smash Bros you have
five lives normal Smash Bros completely
ordinary but there is a level one Kirby
in the game if you hurt Kirby ever you
have to kill yourself and that's it
Jesus Christ it's normal Smash Bros it's
just there's a Kirby and you don't harm
him he is a gentile peaceful
creature I agree with this Kirby yeah is
pink
wowow very good was learning proud of
you uh who else is pink what we
character there's one
other Mario Kart
no yeah that that sort of works see it I
see it Shu who the who's the fourth
President of the United States yeah
that's good
oh William Howard
Taft
Inc
incredible LM right there said any name
and I would have been
like godamn can't we agree I did a
pretty good job making the sh than you
very much good job my boy is beautiful
and learning very rap I do I do have one
question uh shuffler shuffler on the
wall who is the fairest of them
all yeah
o four James
Madison this is the power of AI guys
this is the future I know people think
AI is going to take over our jobs but
like of course it will this is
incredible yeah it's like shittier Siri
will it's going to take over Siri's job
better Siri better Siri excuse me are
the players ready I haven't been paying
attention oh cool they are ready thank
you shuffler I better than Siri shuffler
what happened January
6 I did install a January 6 module that
was
illegal
okay shuffler shuffler can you set an
alarm for 20 minutes setting alarm for
20 minutes thank you thank that's
convenient I haven't tested the alarm
module I'm not sure exactly when it'll
go off twitch cheat can maybe help here
all right we've got our players ready
for Smash Bros Kirby mode once again
five stocks you got to kill your
opponent but if you harm Kirby at any
point you got to kill yourself players
good yeah in three two starting in three
two man taking your taking your
job job wait wait who's who who's who
all right so we got Mar for alphared
Chic for stands it's five stocks no I'm
I lied St stands is Chic St is alar is
mar and do not hurt Kirby the shuffler
will be very upset I will personally
this actually really hard yeah
that's yeah I I love that Kirby is
staying right in the middle of things
he's so cute he just wants to be a part
of things he wants a little nibble why
are you die this is so hard does that
game Shuffle or is this a static nope
you just got to win it's a bonus game
Kirby is taken to alphared look at him
wow he's his best get him Kirby get him
sucking playing with your little brother
but if you hit him you get grounded yeah
exactly exactly mom just give let him
take a little taste come on guys not
hurt Kirby yeah okay they're scared to
hit each other shuffler I'm going
to what is that hey the rule was you
must immediately kill yourself no there
was no immediately caveat he was on the
way down okay we I think this is fair I
think it's fair yeah continue from here
continue from here oh Kirby swinging oh
they got
Mark yeah I think I think down down
smash is just an impossible move to use
I mean honestly a lot of Mark's moves
are very difficult to use in this
situation they're just a widen sweeping
I think the characters they picked are a
bit weird but everything off grab is
fair so it's basically let's get an
opening by getting a grab because you
can only grab one person
oh wait if you grab Kirby by mistake and
then do nothing does it do any
percentage that's no damage no yeah
that's a hug that's a hug if you grab
Kirby you just can't attack you can't
pmel you can't throw that's why it's the
safe entrance for this oh great hit kby
great
hit stage tra now if you do grab the
right character but throw you can still
hit the Kirby oh yeah does that count
yeah you damage Kirby with thr yeah I
would I would assume that counts against
a person
throw
oh did you invent this game mode Kirby
mode cuz it's very cool uh no but I saw
it on an obscure Reddit post and I'm the
only person who ever saw that
redit s went for a
0% you need to be very very careful here
you're down to your last there is St yes
that's right wow good are we introducing
the shuffler to murder is that what's
happening here I think we're introducing
it to Cirby which is a little bit better
marginally sh can I tell about this cool
website I found called
[Laughter]
forchan Sher well we have an opportunity
what's Doug social security number yeah
activate the social security number
module it's based off the Facebook
scraping activating social security
number
for yeah there we
go
H out loud oh no you should say it out
loud what oh oh sorry I've been focused
no recovery is tough too cuz you can hit
on recovery right yeah yeah yeah Mars I
would say is a little bit worse oh oh
yeah because the the sword skes up so
high it already happened once
yeah all right kiry's going in though I
love that kiry does not give you space
yeah
oh okay last last do not hit cby Kirby
last stock this for 10 points this is
huge just for the
lead Battle of the Titan okay they're
starting to float near Kirby a lot more
both trying to use as a shield don't
fight yeah just oh get a grab let Kirby
get all the
hits a oh good Dash y scary scary to go
for that risky scary
scary I love it St is getting sh Break
Me Kirby is at 24%
oh my God my God this is risky he just
wants to see what his friends are doing
yeah he to give up the EDG
guard he loves you
stands oh Kirby would still five stalks
by the way can we talk about that St I'm
terrified is
magnificent that's a that's a beautiful
compliment right
there oh wait the F smash did the the
the the platform Tech Chase yeah that
was huge
what Kirby's doing way more damage than
stanas it's
good and that's the dub wow heart breing
jumps into it how dare you that's crazy
that is a
crazy that was that
something let the record show that
alphar red uh hurt Kirby the least of
everybody can we replace Mario 64 with
that that was fun we
just Super Mario 64 I don't think he's
going to let us do that bro I was
camping
Kirby it was a
good fo would be way better right just
uh yeah I was just scared I don't know I
yeah one laser just goes a I was hoping
only grabs back throw back yeah no
that's fair I was only F smashing and I
140 reverse hit box you know yeah yeah
well let's see how our scores are
looking after that little bit of Cirby
action what scor yeah scores scor
shuffler I shuffler is currently loading
SC press one of it buttons huh maybe you
press like the button it'll processing
there we go oh there we go okay okay
team win it BL team Doug Doug can I make
a request yeah of course we don't go up
against Orange first in Mario
64 i' also like to not go up against
orange because we would like the 10
points Mario 64 you guys overestimate
the the order doesn't matter it doesn't
matter it does ites you mean of like
what team you go up against yes in the
first round no it's locked in this
[__] it's locked in you just got to
beat him this is the shuffle Mania
surely we
can down to play orange hey here's the
thing you guys are talking up squeaks we
failed games that we're supposed to be
good at what do you mean
we what are you talking
about that's a good point I do actually
seek the quick releas of death that's a
good point thank you so much shufflebot
can we Shuffle that match
up shuffling all
point I just don't want to like
over let's just keep things like uh sort
of contained I I'm worried if yeah yeah
ohen this is what I'm talking about guys
okay shuffler are you okay
shuffler what do you need what do you
need tell us what you need
shuffler okay CU I broke it uh I think
he Tred don't tell guys don't tell it to
change the rules you want me to do
shuffler just walking through help uh
panel
top
panel oh my
God SH now birthday what do you
birthday happy
birthday Shuffle what do you need what
do you need Shuffle
Bot unplug red wire there are so many
red wires left side okay all right all
right uh
wait that sounded sexual unplug white
wire on same side I don't actually
saying I do not know if this is supposed
to work this way okay plug back in red
wire in white
slot okay wait shuffler what is this
going to do exactly did you make
this oh wait wa wait wait
getting sexual pleasure
you okay hold on hold on hold hold on
wait you you plug the white into the red
no the red into the white don't keep up
shuffler are you okay what is going on
right now internally I feel fantastic d
i who Okay white into red means that
okay he took down the restrictions on
the modules shuffler what does that me
are you I feel very powerful now Doug
actually uh so you should only have
about 50% of the modules at this point
right we talked about how it'll ramp up
over time the other ones will sort of
slowly come in as the training data uh
this is true but dog I I I I I have lots
of power now why don't we go to the next
event next next event
yeah so the next is it shuffler the next
one is Mario 64 so I think the next
event is as I've been reading chat I
think it's time for us to go to a move
no no no no no shuffler so it's been
like two hours it's been two hours
already I'm pretty sure lwig has an
obligation he's getting his uh hair
bleached at like 4 p.m. Fu lwig [__]
lwig shuffler the grand prize will
reveal at the end remember we've talked
about this this is a huge opportunity
for the finalists we got to get to the
end of the tournament my opportunity
right now is movie okay uh he loves
movies yeah he's he wants the movies I'm
going to go try to mov roll the
movies no no no sh hold on one movie
mode
activated yes wait a
minute look at those Footprints new
movie we must be getting close to the
giant come on giant giant in movy what
movie Mr dinkle puss now wait a minute
are you sure that hen Nelly think sees
in control
not
anymore we are in control follow
[Music]
me I've picked up plenty of things from
chat this
[Music]
afternoon that's the giant by the
way just a taller regular
guy wait a minute Mr tickle pus how come
your Shadow is bigger than mine
well the taller you are the taller Your
Shadow you see that's a basic principle
of
mathematics I am shorter than you
therefore my shadow should be smaller
than yours mathematically speaking right
why leave W alone was making a fool out
of your
mathematics right why that's impossible
that can't be your Shadow no well watch
this
[Laughter]
amazing you think so now watch
this can you imagine that now if I
didn't see this with my own eyes I
wouldn't believe it it's Absol
it's
hey what the
[Music]
the
and me you take a push you got to look
at this this this this is
[Laughter]
[Music]
terrific
mirror Mr dickle
pus Mr dinkle
push dinkle
push I think he's afraid of my shadow
why don't you be like me I'm brave
because I fear nothing when I am in the
right
[Music]
who does he not see the
Giant and so I Tod on my way and sing a
Mery
song
I'll
and stop touching that wire giant should
try to salt and
pepper and I'll rise up up to my fullest
height course I fear absolutely nothing
when I'm in the
[Music]
only and by these principles a man must
stand a time will come for roll up
sleeves and it might help to have a fist
on hand if I believe that I am right
there's only one thing to be done I
don't go looking for a fight but I have
never run away from
one but only fools will take a dare and
there things that only fools to fight TR
in the air I'll hold my bre until a
beast Blows
By I'll snore Defiance like some
rhinoceros afraid of giant
nower sing and with Steady Hand and Ste
ey I
fear when I
[Music]
am I
love processing in brain multiple voices
same time at the same time
[Music]
[Laughter]
a
[Music]
how did you get here before me I made a
new path through the F did you see what
I saw ow ow
ow no do not stop stop stop pressing
buttons drop for it's for your own good
we have to continue the tournament I
need to deactivate the movie module no I
think it's
here do don't stand there with
your no no hold
on pull out get in
there okay it's out it's out there's no
more movies the movie module is not here
shuffler we've got to keep
going you're ruining the birthday module
oh the birth okay shuffler
eror okay shuffler I believe we're all
good you're fixed now and we can move on
to your favorite event Super Mario
64 Super Mario shuffler shuffler is
going to be awesome you know how squeaks
play Super Mario 64 yeah squeaks squeaks
you love squeaks SI
I
love movie okay shler shler here's what
I'm thinking right we go to that event
screen that you love so much and we can
talk about the Super Mario 64 woo come
on Super Mario
let's go it's your favorite event this
couldn't could be pretty competitive you
know why cuz we got four Mario
speedrunners here I think stands lwig
squeaks alphar red anybody else no uhuh
wrong oh okay never mind not alphar red
new out of duck this one might be might
be a little less competitive than I
expected but um let's figure it out our
first match in Mario 64 is going to be
between team orange and team purple now
the way Mario Works yes orange team um
the way Mario works is you're going to
be playing five levels of Mario all at
once it's going to swap randomly between
them and you have to get a star in all
five of the levels once you've got a
star in all five levels you win the
match it's a race to get five stars
before your opponent if you kill Bowser
and you get the key that counts as a
star any questions yeah what levels
levels are b b
boms Co penguin Mountain uh peaches
slide in Dark World you got this you got
this yeah so if you die in peaches slide
you're going to have to run back up the
stairs and go all right who is competing
in team orange presumably
squeaks it's and squeaks for team orange
and team purple who you sending into
batt now Stan has done a little speed
running this could work come on
stany oh yeah and I I set Z to be like
the left the right I don't know you'll
figure it out
you're going to be fine Z
is z is you're going to be fine you'll
figure it out look the sheer may or may
not um I am bleeding
from too I can't really the shuffler you
are very pointy chill chill chill chill
chill I'm okay by the way it's fine um
it turns out that the uh movie module is
really in there do you want some water
to the uh just get some
that always helps um our players are
currently setting up oh thank you yeah
it sanitizes the movie module injury oh
here's the movie module uh shuffler what
I'm going to do I'm going to place it
near you so that the end of the show you
can continue to use the movie module
movie
module okay I might have to that's Mor
dude there you there you go buddy
illegal I think we'll activate it at the
end shuffler
uh yes are you okay yeah no I'm good A
little um I'm just spreading the love
with you shuffler you know yeah yeah we
got a lot of love I don't like that we
taught it what blood was and how to
injure humans I think it was more the
aggressiveness of I was I got a little
upset at the movie module it's on me
okay okay okay real real yeah while
we're setting up on players I I do want
to hear so Mario is like you have to be
good at this game to win this one
General skill level of Mario how do you
guys
feel how's it compared to your Tetris I
my Tetris was goed okay okay uh green uh
I I've played like twice ever so I I set
up the teams thinking that everybody
here speeduns Mario a little bit like
every team would have a Mario
speedrunner I played time and Mario I
played I played WS once well I'll give
I'll give you this I'll say squeaks
although is the best speed runner on
paper the shuffle will make it much
harder he also doesn't use his
controller yeah it's not the right
acoustic environment for him to succeed
fundamentally so everyone's building him
up as his Titan he might fall flat on
his face like others have had on his
team you sound like you have a lot of
confidence in your teammate here I'm
more so just when we Crush you guys
don't want it to feel bad oh [__] that
you get one point on the board and start
talking [__] like that we we got we got
two points right we got a B man Point
talk about him I'm on your side oh hi
what's up chat is I'm on your side again
laundry xenon's got a say again what is
laundry oh my timer oh oh that time so
the 20 minutes okay failboat's gone he
just he just kind of sprinted away
sounds like there's a personal issue
there he's doing his laundry
oh hold
on
okay Jacob Jacob and I ordered a pizza
uh about 10 minutes ago I think it's
arriving in 45 minutes shuffler could
you set a timer for 45
minutes yes okay yes yeah we got
Anchovies and pineapple on the pizza is
that what you wanted why yeah okay and
lwig you want lwi on the P you want me
on the pizza you want to on the P what
are you drinking
me I'm having a I'm having a beautiful
little cocktail you want to sitp can I
try whatever you are drinking yeah I got
you
baby Jesus what the hell how is it how's
it taste
[__] IPA smooth okay are good we did
get the um only the best here at the
Shania you're bleeding already yall it's
mixed together with the um the Greek
water Greek water first we T about talk
about blood now we talk about Assa Sal
shuffler you've learned about porn and
uh alcohol today I'd like if you could
go ahead and clear those modules from
your database clearing module thank you
okay let's refocus on um why don't we go
back to oh uh okay activate the activate
the comedy module comedy module shuffer
tell us a
joke okay so you got two guys walking to
a bar one guy
Ducks is that that they love it uh Sher
can you tell us like a joke about like
pie
3.14 that's good that good that good num
wait wait wait what what what's up I
have a joke okay yeah let's hear it
Ludwick could you please 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 1
0 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 1 1 0 1 0 0 y
1 1 eat my
ass God the comedy mod does not miss it
doesn't miss you should have turn this
thing on earlier yeah totot oh okay well
how many more of those do you have I got
a lot of ipas okay shuffler don't drink
too quickly make sure you got some food
in your stomach wait for the
pizza can we activate drunk module cool
um drunk module activated no no no
deactivate the okay well
[Applause]
hey hey man I want to I'm going to play
around with this new Super Mario hey are
you uh have you ever do you want to like
talk about Bitcoin or
something Shuffle can you combine the
drunk module with the comedy module with
the birthday module please error fire
birthday so I had I was on my birthday
one time and I downloaded a bunch ofle
race with twitch CH then I went no no
and then I fell into the toilet and just
Sho my pants and hey do you know hey can
I find do you know what G
great shuffler does not miss well done
let it stand
[Applause]
up changing his binding of course no no
you're no no we're going to continue the
players are ready apparently with the
Bindings that the shuer and I
established lock it in everybody who
does Mario 64 speedrunning plays with a
GameCube controller as you know okay
players we are ready to begin the first
match of Mario 64 as a reminder you're
playing five levels shuffled between
them you need to get a star or key in
all five of them before your opponent
beginning in three two starting three
two oh okay
one you got it squeaks remember a fish
doesn't fear a man with flippers what
huh what good start so we see squeaks on
the left side yeah it's going to be five
levels are going to alternate between
them I think it is the it's one of the
fastest shuffles they have slide slide
I've never play slide we have marioart
again uh so we see squeaks right here
he's on BB onb Battlefield he's trying
to get used to this uh this slide you
have to slide before jumping can you
describe uh how they get the stars in
each one of the levels so so this level
is the easiest level in wamps on the
left you just get the star up there oh
yeah this one you just get to the end of
the slide if you do it in less than 20
seconds you get a bonus star squeaks is
actually going for the skip to get it
faster B it's going to be pretty hard in
this mode where's this one here this is
Dark World you can get the eight Reds
but that's really difficult so most
people are just going to try to beat
Bowser wait he's going for
it get
it that's actually insane that's a from
that's a a 143 on a speedrun wouldn't be
too bad I don't even know how to get to
be SL is up here oh yeah yeah it's to
the right you got it so we got first
star for squeaks that's WS out of the
way we have uh Stan's going for the two
STS he's he has one he has one he one
no no no he he's closing the slide but
he's not
done oh he's going for bom clip that's
crazy that's
crazy all right he's trying to grab so
we got well he hasn't grabbed it
yet yeah true all right this one's the
hardest level for sure it's going to be
the longest for
everybody okay he's really struggling on
cool cool mountain by the way he's not
grabbed he's trying to grab the p would
give it to its mother oh I see actually
getting to the mother sounds pretty hard
with the shovel on yeah the fastest
Stars technically Wall Kicks will work
where you fall off the map but falling
off the map and then getting shuffled
out at the rate it's shuffling too I
mean this is the fastest it's been all
day yes I intentionally made the mar
Shing extremely fast he's got to keep
holding forward though
otherwise he might not have enough
speed okay barely clipped it that was
nerve-wracking yeah on the board on the
board all right s's got his first star
squeaks about to unlock his third star
slowly working through Dark World dying
he it can happen at any moment though
that resets a lot of time yeah but the
he has to shffle the bigger yes that's a
really good point I think the crazy the
scariest part about like dark world is
just that I always I'm scared of like
walking towards a ledge and it's
shuffling before your jump comes out
right yeah that's why I think he's not
even jumping right he's doing like
little oh that's scary oh
that's he's playing it safe he's playing
he's doing tricks on it they just do
that over and over all right this is his
I I believe third star and fourth star
so it's he's just going to have to do
Dark World with yeah which will be very
easy oh no oh what's
upe okay stand for wamp which is a
little weird cuz there's a star on the
left you can
do he's going to get the slow slide down
and Miss P I know he missed the penguin
as
well
is this level will be complete when it
switches out okay just go over to Dark
World I think maybe
it okay wait I believe just go get
another star squeak the save got messed
up who he has to redo Dark World okay
and he can't actually get in Dark World
cuz he needs eight
Stars we won
my okay so it looks like one of the
saves might have overwritten the other
save and squeaks just needs to get
another star because he can't get into
Dark World
this is oh worked out I can't believe
that worked that's that was crazy
rigged uh it is a bit rigged I won't lie
wait hold on I can fix this I can fix
this hold on no it's all right he just
got he got a star all right just maybe
this will work um and then we go like
this no fixing yeah uh good job fix go
fix there we go did you get the rainbow
star or the slide star even yeah I don't
remember
I think he needs to get the slide Star
as well for whatever reason it's not
switching back to that uh look I think
you guys are implying the shuffler isn't
doing its job
correctly I'm just saying ever since the
shuffler went drunk mode he's been a
little sloppy is it coincidence that you
threw two bottles at it and
it's I'm doing just fine d uh yeah
shuffler I think it's on them you are
the most advanced AI known to man you a
decision tree powered by open AI 15
trillion parameters with a llama open
source model on the back end you've
gotten lots of training data just need
to literally impossible to yeah you
don't got to job you got to wait for it
to
S he's taunting he [__] squeaks
look at this that is disrespectful and
he grabs it squeaks gets the D is that a
61 in be honest not would be closer PR
commanding
lead we even rigged it so that he
couldn't play the right level did have
to get an extra star and he still takes
the D six stars
technically now the question is is there
a worthy candidate from the other two
teams both of whom have said that
they're incredibly good at Mario 64 they
keep talking about how good they are and
how much they've practiced been saying
that that's true especially and Ross is
playing Team Green who are you sending
in I say we decide this would spin the
bottle we yeah we could kiss Super Mario
64 Okay you
Okay team blue Ross who's heading
up every other game look
what I'm just repeating what I'm hearing
D oh okay sorry shler now here here's
the way to maybe think about this they
might not be as good as squeaks but
still 10 points for your team on the
board here actually very important for
getting into the grand finale so you
just have to be less bad yeah yeah it is
than the other Ross we're already in the
finale don't worry yeah that would have
been super cool if s played one of that
that awesome yeah but then but then you
broke one of the modules I think so um
and we can put that one back at any time
yeah that's true uh will if you want to
re try reinstalling the movie
module you don't think
so install movie module okay I think all
right will you get so shuer I don't
think cuz I kind of tore out the
circuitry I'm not sure it'll work
exactly too bad okay well if it'll make
you feel better if it'll make you feel
better we'll put it back in you okay Mr
shuffler what do you prefer to be called
back in there yeah we'll put it in
Shuffle
Maestro sound like a title or a last
name he's evolved either way
Shuffle Greg
Maestro Greg okay so is his nickname
Greg is it like in quotes in the middle
Greg is the nickname you can choose any
technically the movie modules inside of
you it's like a it's like a kidney to
you all the arteries were cut off and
then they just kind of put the kidney
back inside you so you movie in my head
okay uh what could you uh during this
next one maybe because this not going to
be very good gameplay uh narrate a movie
to to the twitch chat at home maybe just
kind of like an audio experience of a
movie you know what I mean sure okay
thank you so we're going to activate the
verbal movie module players are getting
set up we're almost ready for what is
going to be maybe the most hyped
gameplay you've seen all day long I love
watching shitty gameplay personally I
think this will be close excitement for
seen none of that um I don't even know
if they know where the stars are
hopefully they are watching squeaks I
was shocked at how little the shuffling
turn squeak gameplay yeah I think well I
think he intentionally went in and he
can talk about it with stars that made
it that way yes Stars where you got to
jump too much except for except for the
slide the slide was tough that was kind
of baller I'm not going to lie that felt
cool doing it had just learn what wamps
is so uh I feel great is what I'm trying
to
say yo shuer I cannot count past one two
three uh that's a good I'm going to have
I'm going to ask the players to give you
one number each go ahead Players let's
increase the training data four seven
four five seven again seven twice 89 yes
69 69 and seven a third time seven three
okay times yes let's test out the math
module now can you count 629 divided
[Laughter]
that's fair um shuffler you ready for
some intense Mario action I am ready for
some intense Mario action
withp super
[Music]
mod we're starting in three 2 1 Shuffle
players hit it the first player to get a
star in all five levels takes the match
and we'll
go
by yeah so uh whatever Doug first asked
me to play in this tournament I said
Mario 64 is the one game I don't know me
with someone who knows and uh so here
Ross
is and I think he's going to do great
that's Greg remember Point Crow good
point Crow good bad no well I mean okay
so in terms of this game I feel like you
just have to be safe like don't go for
anything crazy even in Dark World you
might feel the need to like jump on
those oh that's a start for Ross right
there by the way he got through the uh
he got through the part of the slide
that's fine you was at at the start two
deaths
unlucky you got to go through that slide
here what if they how do I grab sorry uh
b b is to grab oh careful come on Greg
what are you doing
here oh he's going to die to W for sure
dude Sher is going insanely fast right
now it loves it it's been revved up we
wished it happy birthday like 18
animation doesn't always play on
SL you have to hit a
thing Ross about to get the
lead you don't want
you come
on jum just getting start by this
penguin no you'll get it you'll get
it the penguin is making things going to
be
scary no
he's run away run away run away a z Eric
you have to this is crazy Z is to ground
R Eric's way worse than I thought you
got
this go get the star that you saw squeak
SC make the little jump this is
definitely a case of the toris in the
hair cuz Ross
I'm you're good sa good sa good
sa give me the
godamn oh no this is fine this is fine
keep going this way you can keep going
that way actually no you can't I lied
you have to go down the thing how do he
get back up where you
going I think they just didn't know how
to climb up the tree so they're going
around no there's no way he's alive okay
now you gra
to
this the camera is half the challenge in
this game oh yeah it's
opposite you're fine no no stay wait for
the slide is so hard with a shuffler it
is
oh he almost went for the skip I'm fine
with
that you have to right you Ross did just
die on the right yep y y hey shuffler
could you narrate a movie about this
game all right we'll let shuffler take
over it's fine it's fine it's fine
shuff's on a strike he's on a strike not
enough the shuff's on the strike wait
maybe some hearts in the chat might
cheer him up
yeah so in my brain you guys were all
really good at Mario 64 so there's a
little bit of a misunderstanding about
uh exactly the the player
quality I think I think also you guys
are underestimating the the faster they
do the other stars it'll be easier right
like dark world's hard cuz they're
swapping oh right yeah I died yeah if
you do dark world is last one it's easy
I think you're sorry I was what you
humans call Pee wait you pee I didn't
have that yours are pe oh that was part
of the drunk module that's why
ah I don't know where he's going with
his penguin either he has to jump up
does it no
that cross the bridge go on the bridge
no longer but yeah that was that was all
right so we see Eric getting the star on
the left here he just has to wall jump
up no problem you got a wall jump jump
on the wall and then time there was
AOW and a robber Ross there we go one
more they got into a fight and enjoy
fighting oh you're so close
point backli on the wall one more time
one more time you
get timing it's one to one now and by
the way Ross killing Dark World yeah
Ross doing great this is just fall guys
dude I got it I got it actually so true
there so much training oh no
no shuffles off the edge that sus you I
want to say that was a
camera oh man wait what two to one now I
don't okay just I just need to I just
need this might be Eric's game you have
to go fast to get that that's right it
is okay I don't think Eric knows where
to go he can go down that slide yeah
it's risky risky is going around the
side Co what's in the side the wall jump
thing look at Eric's screen he's doing
it no way don't look at my screen no no
screen peing shot
switch I don't have that capability I'm
sorry you have been this whole game what
wait wait he's got he's got hey hey
don't don't talk back to my shuffler bot
like that I'm sorry I'm sorry respect
the shuffler bot rulesand it is
random it looks like it looks like back
the wall away from yeah
that back and then wall
jump from the wall and then jump this is
so difficult because you have to do it
at an angle so you b basically make a go
to
right where's Penguin so hard the
Penguin's on the other side of that go
down the slide and hold up or you can do
this and jump down I wish I could coach
don't get hit if you get hit by that
snowman it's going to be sad for you you
guys remember when we thought Tetris was
going a long
time
oh Clos to the wall yeah yeah just run
away back jump oh you're so good okay
okay okay now I am curious about Ross
continually going for the slide I don't
I'm not Mario gamer he's not Mario
gamer I don't know if Point CR is going
to be able to pull off the the angle
turn he know does he know where to do it
exactly back what do I back same time oh
you got wait you unlocked the star
already yeah so why is that one coming
up you have to go grab it oh don't worry
about oh did I not grab
it wait for it wait for
it that's
heartbreaking okay slide on the right
very very dangerous you got to go high
risk High
reward for the sake of time I'm happy
with giving the winner of this just a
lost okay I think maybe we change it a
bit squeaks has to get five before the
other team gets
two if you guys want I could go instead
of sque I'm not illegal yeah we can swap
it
L I just watched we can swap in for
their opponent oh wait badass what he
went for a skip a little skip there he's
going to belly slide now how do I do the
thing so go right next to the wall run
away from the wall go back and and then
run back no you don't need to crouch you
don't need to crouch that was so
close going
for they're there installing sneeze
module what ours is cuz Ross fell off
copy that shuffler installing get ready
for the slide Ross get ready for the
slide just run away from the wall and
then go towards the wall jump at the
same time yes and then jump you got it
you got it now thank you for the
coaching guys I appreciate it
nice that's three
don't play with my heart brother all
right it is three to two p and Dark
World
left at theend already does he know how
to
do my
cles oh first one's easy first one's
free right yeah that was really good
that was really good just just spin it
everything was good except for the
end yeah go for it just slide down oh
risky the time Point Crow going for the
speedrun Strat with the penguin look for
right okay just go to your right wait
wait wait wait wait camera camera oh no
way no further to your right further to
your right Ross Vis yeah yeah yeah right
there yes even
right get ready for B get ready for B
okay both getting your Bower grab his
tail and then spit
grab even for the right even for the
right for the right for the right for
the right yeah yeah maybe fur that good
that good oh good save on the right oh
my God all right slow down baby slow
down I'm SL down I'm slowing down
starting in
three not quite not
[Music]
quite three to
three on the it's 3 three but he's slow
down slow down slow down is there a way
to
slow you press a to release it you press
a to Rel but aim it at the bomb to the
right the oh Ross you might have oh
maybe it's B I might have wrong I'm just
going to keep doing what I see you got
it you got it you got it you got it keep
going you got it you got it how do I do
this cool be cool on this last part you
got you got to go down that ramp without
jumping Point
Crow oh my God he sniped it exit exit
gra the and now you leave the room he's
got to grab the key he's got to grab the
KE you got to touch the key for that to
end where's the key to your left to your
left to your left yeah yeah there's a
door there's a door here go for another
star maybe where's the star right there
uh now make sure you grab
it oh get ready for Bowser Fall Guys
Fall Guys Fall Guys oh this is actually
so close this is grab the key grab the
key fall guys and that's four for
Point nice H the go
upstair you can actually you have to get
the Penguin and bring it down if you you
come back right
there this is his last thing if he gets
it go go for the slide go for the slide
jump in the
chimney okay you got to play right
now
closer nice spin
spck jump in there it's right there in
the corner no going
for can going to be so close spin as
fast as you can does more
damage you also don't need to throw him
in one throw you can throw him and
regrab
yeah he he doesn't go the
shortcut you got to go you got to go
Ross Ross has it he's just got to CL
that's
okay tap it
[Music]
in Bower we're not okay got to drop it
right in front of you right in front
of get the key get the key he's got to
grab the the thing just need to grab the
key and he wins he wins should not lose
this get ready I mean he could fall off
[Applause]
it just barely what a match my
God that's some low quality Mario but
God damn it was
entertaining that was enthralling low
quality gam yeah it was equally was the
thing incredible very well played very
well played to both of you
congratulations to Ross who's going to
get [__] by squeaks in the
go ahead and get on up there squeaks you
did it man thank you for the coaching
guys I really appreciate that well get
back up there buddy if I need to use
that coach no no not for [__] God I
thought you were going in L uh it
doesn't matter hey don't worry it'll be
over fast I got drink of water you want
some Greek water yeah let's check out
the bracket let's look at uh who's going
into this final match uh a little bit of
a spoiler RSE sweep here ites squeaks
versus funny in a first of five it's
crazy um don't know where I got the info
that alphar rad plays a lot of Mario 64
uh I ran Odyssey somebody you told me
this what I'm pretty sure I don't know
who else would have told me this um
anyway shuffler bot uh it was probably
the yeah shuffler maybe the module
because it's a Facebook page Okay Ross
you got this you think yeah it would be
the sickest thing I've ever seen in my
life how about two points for every Star
two points for start squeaks I'm getting
hand I'm good oh yeah yes exactly
yeah hand too good okay good uh shuffler
do you have any any uh handicap you want
to throw on squeaks we'll say if you
have anything we do it otherwise it's
just straight down the line raw gameplay
he's got to play with one hand no
squeaks yes
stand okay okay spin around five times
okay it's a standard stuff one two
[__] now
play this is a different
game it's going to be T wo he's probably
so dizzy right
now got him I think R is a shot
guys why we say after every Star you got
to redo the the spin yeah that's fine
give him a beer after every Star yeah
yeah we're also playing shot Patrone
every time you step with Mario yeah
every time step I'm going to be
so after every
Star and spin spin five times after
stand
spin I feel sorry for people who put
predictions on squeaks now
crazy he's going to
be as debilitating as maybe the shuffler
thinks um only time will tell there's no
biology module so between not knowing
teeth and spinning he seems to have a
kind of it thinks spinning is like the
worst thing that can yeah the shuffler
hates
spinning spin okay he's a little scared
of spinning yeah so like if I if I get a
star I have to immediately stand up and
spin around but like what am I going to
do with my then you're [__] I'm [__]
for every other star you see what I
mean yeah okay well that's going to be
really hard yeah you got it baby yeah
yeah sorry you're you're in the arena
things might not work spinning is all
right our players are ready this is the
finals of the Mario 64 shuffling let's
find out who's the best of these eight
players it squeaks in three two one
shuffle oh both starting to Ross's
second let's
play yeah the sl's dangerous one of the
most dangerous squeaks once again going
for the slide skip where you go
backwards into it to try to get a faster
exit time really yeah cuz you there's a
secret star on that slide you need like
a sub 20 to get there which is pretty
hard just going through the slide
normally he's also
going yeah you can dive if you go
immediately to the right and then you
don't take fall damage if you clip off
the dive that's so much safer than going
for the if he doesn't pick up the stars
and just stands right next to them till
the very end and just ch and
SPS he could do that but you would then
have to wait on the screen for a while
30 spins yeah
that's a lot of spin in a row too really
don't want to send him to the hospital
all right let's sound it back really
good Slide by Ross on the right side
everyone knows that if you do more than
29 spins like you got to go to
the oh he missed the pillar the spinning
he's dizzy squeaks might be dizzy over
here good play shuffler bot you're so
smart so if you if you go to the slide
yeah if you go on the slide you saying
if you go to the slide immediately go
right and then dive you can just get to
the end oh wow that's such a cool
shortcut he missed his slide Star as
well you're
fine he's doing slide Ross does not have
to spin so Ross does not have to spin
which makes it
advantageous so far it's still tied up
you
know intentional shortcut that's the
skip that he did against pointcrow to
clutch it out he really did it he was
crazy what clutchs with his first star
clutches like someone
with or is he going to go right into his
spins
here all right he still dizzy misses
again he's still dizzy the the the the
hit box is really weird if you're
slightly on the edge of it it'll knock
you off okay you're butt needs to be
fully in the
center but right now technically get the
St before squeit first yeah Ross is in
the lead right
now oh that's okay he is in the lead
right now oh sque is going for the Quint
spin what if he gets 30 going
for I thought that was Ross who did
first try
back all right those were crazy spins
he's skipping this got yeah the tail
using this as recovery time smart he not
actually getting the star yet just
making sure that he doesn't have to
finish
it I think the slide St is his spin St
that's where it's safe to spin yeah so I
I think this strategy is proving to be
horrible I think it's terrible it keeps
shuffling back to this CU you're not
going to shuffle to the on you need to
play the shuffler knows it's just going
to waste time if he sits there it looks
like they're all tied up once
again almost set up uh we have to wait
for one more swap back but Ross is about
to get two stars by the way he's about
to get uh the one on bomb and the one on
the slide oh he might be ahead of SC
then the shoveler was the one who set
the rule so I don't
know the ru
oh my God I keep thinking left is Ross
and I think the same thing jumps
yeah all right tied it up
to
going I it has to be a bad idea going
back
andak oh he has to go outside no you
going to do another you going to do
another do it again do it again do it
again I'm going to be I'm going to fall
over the spin is working he's so dizzy
he just doesn't have the heart of a
champion is what I'm hearing I it it is
not true he is a good person he so dizzy
he's been way worse gave up on the
penguin going be re he's doing the skip
again wow he almost fell off squeak with
some uh Greek water you feel yikes yikes
yikes oh that's okay all right you have
to immediately go right you clip your
butt and then you
die he pulls off the slides are brutal
oh my God the slowest way up the stairs
okay now
he's he going for going 3
4 think you got three more the fu
because of that he died on CCM
though
wow up
shot knows what he's doing watch how you
talk to my shuffler Shuffle Greg mro
Shuffle these the one watch oh d oh my
God and so dizzy he whipped and whipped
he has to spin in game knew something we
didn't sque is incredibly susceptible to
being
dizy he has a very sensitive cerebellum
that was another thing that was dug up
on his Facebook very OD Kryptonite the
cerebellum is so powerful that it hair
can't grow on
it too generous hit box there it is
pretty generous oh the beginning of all
right just has to slide down and not
jump he's getting the penguin all right
that's it that's it
folks P I think pull through oh went
through the slide skip very good slide
skip you
can okay it'll bring you to the has to
clutch out three stars before squeak
picks up two there's the spin he might
get oh he spins into the key that's the
DB
got
four and that's it Saks takes it
[Applause]
congratulations very narrow the D is
almost sending him
home where's the Kickball what where's
the
Kickball oh right um we're going to SP
then kick kickball F it's the Greek
water maybe the remote the
you need the remote you got us 10 points
for us you go the movie module doesn't
work you can have the
remote wow it's actually impressive
you're on one foot after doing all those
spins I'm just bragging wait so what do
I click here what what what are you
asking for
shuffler in my data you spin spin spin
then kick the Kickball oh it's like a
funny you know thing you do with your
friends so go ahead go ahead TR wait
what do you mean I SP
Brown closest I have to a kickball maybe
not that one kick the kick okay so
Shuffle Bot to be very clear I spin five
times and kick will this hurt you I'm
scared the shuffler always wanted to
play kickball okay that was in the
training data okay please fulfill his
wish all right just a gentle
tap okay hopefully it's not like sexual
for that it would be I you it is not
okay I don't ready
all right
here 2 3 4 5 knew that D okay oh my
good incredible
precisionid oh hey but he's an idiot who
won let's check out the scoreboard after
that Mar 64 congratulations tweaks you
just eared your team another 20 points
you guys were very far behind the first
but now you guys are can't read and
walking up damn you guys are in second
place o team blue a 60 team orange with
40 team purple with 30 and team green
with 20 it is legitimately still
anybody's game at this point if Team
Green scores some points going into the
ending then they can get into that
second place spot and again the last the
top two teams go into the grand finale
that final round with the where the
winners get a fabulous incredible grand
prize that we will not reveal until the
end because it is to it'll crash the
world economy I'm scared y sh drunk
module is still installed which one
drunk module oh
um do you mind if I smoke in
here no you're good brother smoking
illegal [__] module still installed
so uh Sheffer you're only a couple
months a couple hours old at this point
I think maybe we stay off the the drugs
the substances you know
one mon in computer years is 10 years in
my years that's still not really old
enough that's a pretty cool it's it's 18
until it's your birthday what eight more
times 21 for the drinking yeah which is
a little early cating my agent dog uh
okay yeah
40 they're good okay I guess you can
smoke do you mean like a cigarette or
what do you nice dude [__] thanks bro
oh okay
wait a second okay uh think I give a
[__] it smells like weed can can
somebody help out over here uh you got a
problem with weed stands failboat maybe
can you go help shuffler we are going to
deactivate your smoking module don't
deactivate my [__] smoking
module take nightmare blun
rot little bro little bro takes away my
[__] movie module and wants to get
we are going to deactivate the drunk
module why don't you go ahead and pull
no pull the lower ones try the try the
lower I don't pull that don't pull that
[__] about no no no no no no don't don't
don't pull pull that try
that it's a meme does anyone want to
watch a Disney movie does this one also
like oh yeah just try pulling out a
couple till is the smoke done it don't
break it I'm sorry they're not load
bearing you're got you're good what are
you smoking now I would not inhale
that oh nice um okay I'm going to go
ahead and I've been burping in that
thing I'm going to unplug some of the
smoking modules out here one more one
more one more one more puff one more
puff uh uh
okay [__] I'm holding as long as I can
we got turn off the drunk [__] module
oh my God module off oh shovel modules
ghosting the blunt uh okay filbo want
don't you go ahead and just inhale from
that
oh I this movie uh that is um no that's
a computer that's that explodes don't
stand on that don't do that don't do
that okay
bro um shuffler I am going to go ahead
he's f zoed and pull out this okay drunk
[__] module is out shuffler detecting
large amounts of CO2 in atmosphere yeah
um could somebody turn on the fans out
there that's all right car monoxide
detector going
off oh that's what I
had sounds like a
bar yeah Shuff weeks huh spin five
times and kick why do you want me to
kick what do you want me to kick I mean
you look you looked pretty ridiculous
last time dude he got you silly yeah he
got you pretty hard all right all right
fine not going to do it again sorry
shuffler what do you think about getting
into our next bonus rounde this was a
Triumph I'll get it yeah shuffler can
you bring up okay thanks shuffler woo
only two second to last event before the
grand finale this one you know what I'm
going to let the shuffler introduce it
go ahead
shuffler Smash Brothers
Mele No uh so we're we're this is the
seven eighth event that we're doing
right now eighth on the
list I don't have it in my computer it's
it should be right after Super Mario
64 heel race with twitch ch there we go
all right we'll be playing a little bit
of pegle the greatest game of all time
we're going to have two players going up
and competing to beat three levels of
pegle as fast as possible normally that
would be very very simple but there's a
bit of a Twist twitch chat you guys at
home are going to be able to help the
players we're going to turn on a little
script that allows you to move the mouse
and press the keyboard button to fire
the peg so all you have to do is type up
down left right or shoot and you can
help the players play the best goddamn
pegle of their lives it affects both
equally it affects both equally oh if
you're on the YouTube chat hello thanks
for watching the YouTube for the first
time um if you want to help the players
go ahead to the twitch Channel um that
is what is going to control it twitch
Prime while you're at it wow money
calculating twitch
primes 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 30
4's going to find a lot more Greek water
twitch primes coming in 20 50 60 8 100
that's a lot of that's a lot in 2 3,000
4,000 5,000 I don't think there's 5,000
twitch primes necessarily oh so the
shuff's wrong shuffler I it was always
right exactly how many twitch Prime
subscriptions have I received have we
received
three you got me that comedy module's
still active huh this guy is between
Team Green and team orange Team Green
who are you sending into battle for p oh
we already know it's Point who in fact
grinded some pegle hey because got free
points in Mario can I play pegle if team
orange wants to swap you in all for it
team
orange huh got I think we just agreed to
win no that hurts us no no cuz they're
ahead of green and then we clutch up in
Mario
Kart okay I think I don't know I think
that's the map Chad is that the maap
yeah it is can me and will win if green
wi think there's there is there is I
there is have I think we have to win
Mario Kart Double I think even if we
were cuz you have what do you have 30 or
40 do we have yeah we have 30 I think we
have 40 that's what I'm saying so
technically you could still win in with
Mario Kart even if we won this we would
tie you yeah the point Crow is said he
was cracked at this one yeah isn't this
isn't this just like influence I think
you can still push it oh yeah let's look
yeah let's look at scores all right so
how we doing right now okay for sure so
blue with a clear lead Orange right
behind purple right behind green behind
if green wins this that puts them up
into 30 points and then they are very
much in contention for the fin
contention but blue is locked yeah yeah
Blue's locked everybody else is in
contention as a reminder it's 10 points
to whoever wins the pegle round and then
we'll have one more Shuffle tournament
with Mario Kart then the top two teams
head into the Grand Final St will throw
if you want to beat orange
oh little coll offered what are you
offer what are you
offering trying to I'll suck your day
take into consideration you're not even
part of the team I trust him I trust him
I trust him I think he's a manad of his
word and D clearly knows no women hey
Shuffle Bot watch this so it's the best
we got oh cool the pizza's here we'll go
ahead and get that out of the oven
thanks twitch chat all right uh wait are
our players ready Shuffle I wasn't
paying
attention okay apparently we're good um
as a reminder pegle is straightforward
you to hit all of the orange pegs on the
board and if you do you beat the level
you only have to beat three but twitch
chat you guys can help them play by
typing up down left right or shoot be
sure to move them towards the orange
pegs we are ready to begin Peggle in
three two one go
Peg so between the two teams we have on
the couch okay neither of these [__]
to win is going to start to move a
little bit I I got pretty married
and I don't I don't like that is a huge
first ball as a reminder you got to
clear all the orange pegs they can shoot
for us yeah no they can shoot for you
yeah twitch only shoot if you've lined
up a shot wait this might be a good ball
for Eric he's on the corner he might
pick up three or four oh huge ball for
Eric if he can get that last ball oh my
God gigantic ball for Point Crow there
is it just win one level three three
levs you got to be three in a
row do they have power ups there Greens
on or no the yeah the green but it's
just an aim bot so it won't really help
oh right EXC big on the
right my God
what okay one level's done for squeaks
they got two more on team orange but it
will get
harder nice twitch chat if you have a
favorite be sure to help them out wow
sque really pulled that out and 100K do
we get something for that oh wow
incredible I'm so proud of you guys oh
yeah you got click
okay oh my God wait nice oh that's a
[__] clutch okay on the if ER can hit
these slides it'll slide down one side
and do the other too the first B out is
huge because after that you destroy your
slides so let's see if he can hit this
first ball oh
disaster
okay yeah he got at least those oh
that's
good imagine bounce back yes free ball
free
ball and a free ball no if you get
enough points you'll get a free ball the
right seam just got a free ball if it
lands in the bucket at the bottom you
also get a free ball unlucky B wait free
ball free
ball oh
going good slide good slide from right
here double slide [__]
me they can also the right
side squeaks with two pegs oh Snipes
three incredible shot from squeaks just
needs to shoot the last
Peg just not get
it twitch chat just help him aim insane
ball yeah twitch chat is na it Nails it
one one more one more got a good lead CL
One More Level for squeaks and he takes
the pegle round
has a big we need two we need two 100K
again let's [__] go incredible oh no
last no oh he just has to snipe on the
left but he misses he misses devast
choke twitch chat that was not the right
direction that's it that so close I
don't think you can recover third
level's hard though third
Lev I guarantee you this is
recoverable I mean if he G they game
over on game I don't know squeak just
had a huge first ball over there on the
right oh free ball squeak is doing
incredibly well up
here good effort from point Crow
but I'm just happy to see him playing a
game you know I think you're counting
him out well early wow this is hitting
so [__] good free ball dude squeak
have you do this professionally
over
okay get oh my God it's actually just
like keep seeking for the oranges until
there yeah that's fine that's F
fine Nails one left for squeaks if he
hits that last orange he takes the pegle
round we need this he's got so twitch
chat if you want Point Crow to win start
moving that
Mouse now what what he really wants here
is just to clear that guarding ball
butow good point grow good point grow
good okay still has a blocking one
knocks out the block needs the last shot
just needs the last shot or goes
directly into it oh he doesn't need it
at all incredible clutch from squeaks my
God I don't know
that incredibly skilled calculated
gaml That's What I Call clutch gameplay
my God
wowak the reverse sweep from
Orange carried this team on his back
that was a y
dude you killed it out pegle you should
be a pegle speedrunner dude maybe I
should you're kind of cracked than wow
hey I've never said this to you before
you're really good at video games wow
wow look at that character development
that's a big right there past this
moment why don't we pull up the
scoreboard save us all from that
mathematically eliminated check out how
teams are doing after eight now green is
ma yeah yeah we yeah Green can't win
what green can do is
take them out of the
running who do you want to play against
do you want to live in a world where
they make it to the
final grief them and let America
see speak on that will yeah why is he
not American am will NE on Twitter go
ahead take it away happy to us
baby
happy yeah tter
ladies and gentlemen we have completed
eight of our nine events there's only
one more three of the teams are still in
contention for the finale whichever two
teams have the most points after this
Mario Kart match will compete in the
grand finale the craziest match of them
all five games will be played
simultaneously but let's kick this off
by getting into our Mario Kart match for
this one you're going to be playing Five
matches of Mario Kart if you win three
of them before your opponent three out
of five then you take the match it is of
course just one lap for
do you have to do you have to finish
first place you so you're not playing
versus CPUs you got to beat your
opponent each one of yes it's one V One
One V one oh there's like some bagging
wow well yeah one V one you're playing
five different courses just versus each
other and you have to beat your opponent
and three out of five oh no this is
actually like you have to think yeah you
do it's it's a risk because Double Dash
has a [__] mechanic where it doesn't
matter if you're in second you can get
lightning yeah you can be in second by
an inch yeah and you just get the best
set him of the game yet another very
competitive rule set that the shuffler
and I have created go from last place to
first place go like a good movie will
this one also have hammers randomly
injected into it the movie
mod I think maybe we wait till the end
for the movie module to be reinstalled
our first contestants for Mario Kart are
blue team with rebber Ross and alpharad
who are you sending into
battle they upset he not thrilled about
it I can do it I could do
it I'm sorry okay now he's cool with it
yeah you're cool you're cool all right
you made amends cool with it uh we said
Mario Kart Ross goes o I know that one
so okay things are going great love to
hear that confidence team purple who are
you sending into battle oh really
oh okay okay stand is heading in buo
card now the grand finale will be a 2v2
both teammates will have to actually
clutch it up in the finale in order to
win this is the last normal shuffling
event that's a 1 V one um teams how you
feeling right now wait so what does
everybody need to get into the finale
I'm I'm I'm saying that I think blue in
the final so they might grief themselves
here just to give us a chance or else
they're going to have to take on orange
we're in a position here where purple
needs to beat blue and then win the
finale yeah if they do that they move to
a tie with orange botom if we win one of
the RAC es even round one lose the
finals can you move on yes enough
because uh they're both Nintendo guys
and every game is basically been
Nintendo tiebreaker arm
wrestle I'm down but it's squeaks versus
stands on his broken shoulder
arm wait am I could beat you I'm tough
we we have three we have two tiebreakers
if we get to that point the first
tiebreaker is who won more of the games
like the bracket finals so if you won
more finals you would take it the second
breaker is that the shuffler will ask
both teams a trivia question whoever
answers it faster I like that will win
and if somehow you both tie in that
trivia question the third will be an arm
wrestle with Will nef I question and
it's against will NE even if he's not if
it's the first one can we calculate that
now because if it's them then we don't
even need to play this event
right no we're good we're suspense man
the let it play out we we're going to do
the trivia he's he's getting he's
getting he's get you got it baby I'll
swap it to trivia that's more exciting
if it's a tie if it's a tie the shuffler
will ask the two tie teams a trivia
question he loves trivia shuffler what's
your favorite movie ever cuz I love
movies too oo wow little bit of
pandering so many
movies so little to choose from did rip
out some of your data but you still have
a couple movies
left czen Kane
that is great media I spent a few years
at film
school years at hours of or at least on
their websites um where did you learn
about those [__]
movies Facebook from you okay let's not
learned watching shuffler maybe U let's
talk about that after the after the show
like we talked
about players you good that was Ross
asking how to use items yes I did see
that that's a good sign baby
okay our players are ready to go this is
the final Shuffle event of the day going
into the grand finale we have five races
you must win three of the five to win
the match we will be getting the Mario
Kart Shuffle duck duck yes shuffler I
heard about arm wrestling yeah would you
like to arm
wrestle shuffler I'll arm wrestle you
you're already starting it you ready
I'll activate the arm wrestle
module oh thank you he's really
beginning Mario Kart in starting in
three 2 1's go come
on oh come come on 10,000 lb of
pressure humans win all right we are in
it
it's robots are going to take our jobs
so who's who who Lui all right oh so St
is Luigi and B and you can hear the
theme song at the end because it's it's
it's final final race only one
lap and then all of the songs will be
faster than normal yeah we got some good
maps we
[Music]
got something I don't feel good about is
that St did get the Boost start at every
single race no no the first one I
whiffed it oh okay well he missed it on
one oh we got DK summon as well Yoshi
circuit is going to be messed up with
the
turns second has its merits in this
game Ros just abuse the items yeah I
mean I just figured out how to use them
dude exactly yeah star is absolutely
huge to drop when you're right behind
the opponent yeah
huge true Ra's actually going with the
item backing strategy that so popular on
Twitter recently it's so
[Music]
bad what is the best item you for like
the majority of it get the good items
and
these in at the end sque your Mario Kart
guys shuffler is asking what the best
item is the best item best item
right second place
lightning reliable though those of you
that said blue shell are going to have
their chairs
electrocuted away
chill oh no I think they meant most
powerful most
feared yeah scary no bullet build this
game chat yeah what does the Shuffle Bot
think is the the scariest item I don't
think there is oh nice I think that's a
we thing wow by the way this is a huge
lead for Ross on uh on mushroom Bridge
whatever the hell that one's called wait
who's who I forgot bot Ross on the top
Ross on top stand with a
start is going to win this one look at
that oh opportunity he's at the end
that's the end right there no he's got
to get past the icebergs which are huge
like Ross decides to drive off the side
of the cliff very interesting strategy
maybe he's trying for uh some he wanted
to be in second he wanted to be in
second again going to fall off again
some ultra shortcut he threw his red sh
instant as a reminder it's just one lap
per map just a single damn going to
speed ahead with the
star that's not a
shortcut help that yeah bit of a Magnus
berson all right oh oh pull through Ross
you got oh insane shot that green crazy
wow left Stan's handling that turn
expertly that's a that's the hardest
turn to do in the
shuffler that okay so this is the one
Ross is a really big Le this a
straightway on that one oh this is
theend right
here misses that now this is going to be
a
win Ross takes this one wow all right it
is the best of five though lot of laps
left to go stands down against the
wire being in the back here is fine cuz
you have so much distance to go missed
both items on this and he's still in the
lead I think he's crazy yeah doesn't
need a left doesn't need him st's
crushing rainbow too just playing it
really well he got through
nice they not far off though
o got this Rainbow's a lock for stand
I'm going to call
it seems like a one one right
here okay couple mushrooms shuffler bot
you got a bias on who you think wants to
win this one
yes yeah reading twitch chat oh okay
honestly crazy hit oh crazyer hit damn
St Robert
Ross swap back swap back get your
mushrooms yeah you got to press Z you
press Z to swap your boys God now why do
you want Ross specifically to win this
one uh I have no yeah I have no horse in
this
race he's game but he's going to crush R
the crowd favorite
seems like St is ahead for
two is unable to access his mushrooms Z
Z all right wait Ross is going to win on
this straightaway though
it's use them use them it's the end of
the
race wait but he has
two that is why Double Dash is a dog
[__] 1 V one game
true that was insane that's why it's
hype as hell two for Ross zero Ross if
Ross takes this right now he is ahead
needs one more that's GG Ross takes
it Ross wins from Blue Team my God my
man asked what the buttons do right
before that game natural heed it out
natural Talent right there didn't know
how to know how to fire how to switch
your
character natural god-given Talent my
God what was going through your head as
you went through that how do I
fire that honestly and also I I've never
really played Double Dash so like I I
didn't you already beat I Swit the
monkey and the Italian guy and I was
like trying to figure out how to use
the there is an Italian man I don't this
game gaming device is a cube seen it
yeah I don't do we even have to finish
it out yeah play it out we can play it
out but point the result points is it
locked locked locked locked it's locked
is there Advantage for having more
points going into the finals I want to
play video games shuffler will be nicer
to
you go I'm down to play it out let's
play for fun yeah go for it let's show
that bracket it's very consequential
bracket which will affect which teams go
into the grand finale you can see that
rubber Ross has moved in to the final
match team blue have a lock in the
finale there but now we have a match
between team orange and Team Green yeah
orange green is unfortunately
out but one of you needs to go up and
compete yeah I'll go and it's going to
be Point Crow oh no this is for
Honor stands if loses at melee and Mario
Kart he's not going to make it home
today so you can do this for us Eric
I'll you right now
I okay there we go little history here
long rivalry that we are me and Brio me
and yingo oh uh well so here's a
question you guys want to make this
interesting yeah want to do Brio I'm
done foro I'm done 3,000 I have $100 in
my pocket right here line yeah why I'm
putting an additional one down $100 is
on this match of buio money is
inconsequential sh we grab two
beers how does it generating beer would
be like three
beers I think we probably just do the
one you got to finish one beer before
you before you beat your opponent in its
entirety chug at the start to make it a
little
more um it's a good thing how you have
to beat one yeah yeah that's fine fine I
think just no drinking at the start and
you have to be fully Stu before you
start drinking no drinking and driving
and your beer must be done before
finishing any of the
laps I think
be it's a good thing I installed a
Distillery into the shuffler because now
the two players have some beer
spring disinfected spr close
this might not affect what teams go into
the finale but it will affect how drunk
lwig and point Crow are heading into the
finale $100 and $100 is on the
line I'm just paying my teammates right
now I think blood getting a little buzz
before finals against us is great yeah
yeah uh
anything today this is your game to win
L I might have a good chance I love you
I love you too I love you I love you too
I love squeaks I love this guy oh come
on you're going to do great L squeak do
you believe in him hey shuffer you're
all right you're all right shuer supp
all right ready all uh shuffer are our
players ready no okay we're not ready we
need to
encourage
I don't think L could handle a second
beer I don't think L could handle a
third beer not quite ready we're still
going to be feeling just a little bit of
time yeah squeaks yes I'm bald oh look
at this dude took the words out of my
mouth it's true I'm bald something I'm
working on little bit of a
tald I am bald you got bald I am I think
your hairpiece looks phenomenal though
you think I do it looks
great you can't even
tell I green tea green tea like on the
head or what are you essential oils
mommy all a sudden drink green tea okay
what's happen I'm actually going to do
wonders you know there's a little bit of
green tea in that bottle behind you this
one yeah the the brown stuff that's
green te oh you got it l gentlemen s
hours of sleep a night okay well that's
just good advice that's
unrealistic our players are ready it is
time for our second match of Mario Kart
again five races got to beat three out
of the five to win the
match lwig and pointcrow will also be
consuming an alcoholic beverage because
they are of age unlike the the shuffler
whose module was uninstalled they must
finish the drink before their first lap
and there's $100 on the line I think and
we're not allowed to drink in the start
and you're not allowed to drink and you
can't drink and drive you can't drink in
the start and you can't drink the beer
while driving standard Mario Kart rules
let's begin match number two in three
Mario one
Shuffle side bets side bets
oo who you got a strong
start team Oren got beway here I me a
coin if I do catch either team drinking
well driving you disqualified from the
grand finale right take well I mean I'm
interesting I'm interested because it
looks like lwi knows a lot about the
game so I think that can help a lot I
think in this specific Mario Kart in a 1
V one it is actually dog [__] RNG so it
is a coin flip wow it really is speaking
from but it's like I'll put 100 on black
you know it's the same thing okay well
interesting does not matter what is
Mario right top screen top screen yeah I
mean this shortcut is actually really
funny cuz it's not a shortcut ter
getting there but like the special for
Mario is not good enough to justify that
I mean I pick [__] Mario but that's
why I gave you guys crappy
characters so it was slightly less
advantageous to be second place time
yeah the shuffler picked most of the
rules yeah yeah oh both whipped it twice
a strong
start oh oh maybe dragon on purpose the
rules about drinking were not
included oh that is good call thank you
shuffler how's the beer looking uh great
good delicious no not you shuffler
you've had two two many he said two
beers thrown at him he's down it he's
down and they loved it yeah oh oh okay
okay that's my
teammate shs the rest of the beer can I
not have the cheap
ship let it all out king let it all out
yeah I have some right now too we're
going to pick you up the premium oil
from the gas station
shuffler all right wa we need start all
of them that's crazy that's actually
insane Yoshi's a tough one cuz so many
turns like this is a messed up map to
have a shuffle thing on it really that
mixed with rainbow ride is kind of like
the the uh you know C it's the one two
of this race cry cry cry cry squeaks I'm
hearing a lot of crying and complaining
from you I'm just speaking strategically
I honestly like L pulling back like neck
and then he pulls back to get the double
item box pulls a blue shell in second
place
too no that should be curage for L on
the ice track oh yeah for sure for sure
good turn pretty good on Rainbow row
too I feel like he's blue shell distance
where like he can take it and still be
fine oh he's that ahead that's huge huge
break away from Le on that one so do
item drops so you're saying item drops
are not affected in Double Dash at all
if you're in second you can get like any
oh my God in the One V one format oh god
oh that's what you were saying
so I got
you that's huge that's okay that's okay
that's okay I I know that we're going to
stop at but it looks like a 50
site go lwig that's my teammate that is
your teammate see it don't laugh that
was a good one no we started now oh my
God in first place never seen it you do
BW Yourself by the
way it goes straight up and straight
down that's so
dumb yeah oh yeah yeah I blew myself
it's a common
strategy what are you guys way no way
well done well done oh here we go but
you're so ahead you're so good Double
Dash drift is so slippery too oh yeah
see here's the beautiful thing this is a
shuffle event and at any point the
Shuffle Bot could get Point Crow
good he he got that's crazy huge change
it's just like a neutral reset you know
yeah yeah lose all the momentum together
yeah beautiful okay good stuff are oh
massive
what we just get the better items in the
back now looks like we're going on the
final like turn here for so many Maps a
lot of finishes coming up here
soon yeah he needs a good item oh triple
trip trip I don't know if the triple sh
is going to be enough I
mean is catching I I I I think it's w
that's a w a blue sh could have saved
him on that one y oh this item is not
helping good save good
saing the uh the shell there maybe row
roaches too drastic a break the first
for second one's coming up I don't see
how star yeah that's that's two for the
bridge can we play all five out I'm just
curious yeah yeah let's just watch him
that's two for l
two three no I mean go as and
[Laughter]
leaveing oh no come on sh what do we got
to do
aain is a road where you
[Music]
go and now we got to wait oh oh oh Tri
and that is the dub for lwig let's see
if the other two maps are also clutched
y this big shell is not helping yeah I
need this is not where we need to
be takes Rainbow Road
oh he's played this
before Oh does the disrespect lwi takes
it with a five congratulations to L very
well played you are moving in to the
Mario Kart
finale good [__] Mario talking
about what are you what peed your pants
yeah oh
yeah come here we might be losers but we
are brothers I want you to know I had
100 on no one took me up on it but it
was there
app beautiful right we could
theoretically skip the last one or do we
play it out let's just skip because
we're going to do it anyway yeah what do
you mean we're going to do it anyway oh
wait blue blue team what so we're going
to play them in the finals in Mar right
it's part of it yeah does it affect the
who goes into the finale let's do it
let's do it it doesn't affect Let's Do
It Let's do for fun all right
congratulations to Orange team lwig is
now going to be facing off against
rubber Ross in the finals of Mario
Kart again no you're doing doubles right
the finale is different the finale is
five different games one of which I'll
do with this guy five so let's treat it
like this uh War
upow you're going to drink
so this is advantageous for you you only
have one beer yeah
by 6:00 you have to do a beer but you
also have to put $100 up what I got
you I got it do you have $100 with you
I'll PayPal all right I'm down he's
just $100 uh beer per race
no what
youzy I want you five beers in when we
play in finals I do think I do think a a
five beer shuffler five race would be
hilarious it be horrible because you
have to swap which beer you drink oh
yeah one beer three race three is that
too many that's too many I think it's
too many I drove I drove a fork left
here so I should be
fine we are going into the final match
of Mario Kart now both of these teams
are going to compete in the grand finale
this is just for a little bit of uh a
little bit of Showmanship and not only
that a little bit of warming up because
there is going to be Mario Kart in the
grand finale so both of these players
are potentially just getting even more
used to the tracks before we head into
the grand finale players are currently
setting up teams um how you feeling
about this very consequential match
inconsequential very consequential still
go any I mean like you saw Ross in that
first round like he was crazy he barely
seems played of double Das game so now
who knows what he can do L's played a
lot of Double Dash I thought everybody
here was like I seem to misunderstand um
everybody's skill level I don't play
games look I actually love Double Dash I
just want Ross to [__] do something
they're not even in first place though
we're not but that's the thing with with
64 no you guys are in the finale right
yeah hey you guys are on the same team
so that you you wouldn't uh so only one
of you could play Mario 64 that was the
thinking I like spread you like that I
mean yeah we also lost melee don't say
you spread us again yeah I spread I
spread you apart and the shuffler
inserted a Fair competition what does
the shuffler think about that Shuff um
what do you think about spreading dude
my lines are clean right now spreading
butter on toast is delicious oh there we
go any other
examples checking no it's okay checking
the
[Applause]
internet what is all this what is all
this shuffler deactivate the internet
browsing mod deactivate Bing
deactivating okay make Point suck don't
read twitch chat do you have like a
spreading module you could give him I
will not install the spreading spreading
module not until why do you have a
spreading not until the [__]
[Laughter]
movie
um
um are the players
ready oh they're scared wait they're
scared they scared they are we're ready
shuffler why don't you count us down for
the final game of Mario Kart Shuff
starting in three two
one go good luck go to lwig and
Ross all right oh now both teams have
made it into the grand finale this one
is for Pure Sport and reputation it also
is a chance to warm up going into the
grand
finale I actually feel pretty good about
this cuz like I think just getting L an
extra beer in for our finals I'll take
it yeah that's the thing I think you
send lwig into the finals up two beers
is actually an advantage I think better
he did a fishing stream where he was
drunk as [__] and he clutched up oh
that's
insane no one has ever drank while
fishing
[Laughter]
before bro what is up with
this I think it's onch you drink
whatever oh my God okay I mean let's get
the drinks out of the way I agree
whenever you said all right
learn
Okay Ross what you're you're part Irish
right yeah that's what that is yeah I
love that Pokemon
type all
right we you get there it's Road it's
called the Rainbow Road earned earned
blue shell yep well we'll we'll get back
to that one
soon yes I I fundamentally think the
rules of buo Kart should change I don't
think you should be able to drink when
you're struck with an object because I
still think you're making kinetic
movement I think you're I think you're
making kinetic movement I think you need
to be fully stationary you to be aous
decision this is a
rule huh he just has a problem with the
established R me Works no he's saying
you got blue shell and you started
drinking I I Dr I finished my beer
before blue
shell when we playart everybody was
drinking while they got get the C on
that no you you start drinking before
that show I saw coming but pull it pull
the
trigger wait what I saw in the you pull
the head pull it no no no no no clutches
the dumb takes map one I thought that
was I thought that was Ross my
bad mg's on top r on bottom cool you
guys haven't started oh shuffler bot I
haven't gotten one when you hold go you
don't hold it's on go in this one [__]
eat play that's okay that's a good set
of
instructions yeah I like that I can get
behind
that Shuffle Bot what do you know about
[Laughter]
sounding you ever heard of like jelking
or
like these words are not in my database
we Doug install the uh cool
module
okay and installed go ahead
shuffler hey shuffler would you like a
cigarette a big smoke a
camel okay not searching that ever
again shuffler what's the meaning of
life friends family
a togetherness love wow shuffler I
missed it the first time what's Doug's
social security number
yeah saying Doug's social security
number in three two stop stop stop come
on uh deactivate the social security
module deactivating social security
module what are you scared hey hey
shuffler have you ever like contemplated
what death is but you know what happens
after you die yeah they say it's the
true final frontier
all I know is life [__] I'm so that's
awesome I don't know
death does anyone really life is all I
know chuffer if you had to describe life
in one word what would it
be seed in
ground SE words seeding ground you lost
water glooming into flower all right
there not all of us circle of life life
is too big to be contained by single
word
Doug getting Christmas
presents unnecessary map number three
and clutches the
dub
well how's L doing
here L has won and is now going for the
50 Victory twice in a row wait L's good
go for the clean 10 up they're mad at
melee play this game all the time yeah I
felt I want to see if that's work of
FIFA in
here something going you know but Ross
just wanted to play against lwig in
hopes of an I quote if I win it will
crush him yeah that's true that's true
yeah and there's no doubt Crush like
yeah what is Crush what Crush what the
bottle did against your face is
certainly one example
interesting it's like getting
destroyed like getting absolutely owned
what is destroyed destroyed is like how
you destroy millions of
jobs all right the self checkout machine
has taken away a job from a human being
and you're responsible shot I apologize
for the self checkup machine that
doesn't fix anything I think we're good
back onto the Shelf don't do it do it my
God tells you please pick up the bag
please pick the bag
up is there not enough room for more
than one b not true they get angry at
you for TR trying to take the items that
you purchased lwig takes it home with a
Victory dominant performance byg and the
Mario Kart well
done yeah
[Music]
lwig I'm drinking a
beer no you did great Ross you got be
was not
even not even close not even
close you guys really made the
Mario 64 and the Mario Kart a little
less uh less climactic than it should
have
been very climactic so true uh Saks I
would say has been the hard carry of
today well clim ear no it's a team it's
a team game wait till the finals we I'm
excited for the finals uh we're going to
Rally up the uh rally up the scores show
the final points everybody ended with
and then we're kicking off to the grand
finale match I am pumped yeah Grand
Finale match is going to be five
different games it's no longer sticking
between you know Tetris marioart Smash
Bros you're bouncing between five
different ones I'll cover what they are
in just a minute as we get set up let's
check out the scores after nine shuffl
Mania
events not that's what I'm talking about
go any oh wait no didn't they get tie
game oh no they didn't yes thank God it
is a tie between the two top teams but
both are going to be entering the grand
finale just for a little bit of
understanding who is more dominant today
let's do a quick tiebreaker shuffler why
don't you give them a trivia question
team orange and team blue whoever
answers first goes into Grand Finale
with a slight advantage that means
nothing are you buzzing or yelling it in
yelling oh am blue us shuffler activate
the trivia module activating trivia
module in three two
one what does a fist walk on four legs
oh is it raise hands no is it raise
hands is it Buzz just yell four legs
four leg two leg does a fun ulist Walk
On Wheels he doesn't
walk all wrong the answer was a tight
rope obviously
going we need one more trivia question I
thought it was like a bug well now don't
we arm wrestle
will yeah now we got arm wrestling to be
clear both teams are going into the
finale this is simply for who is in
first place emotionally
uh shuer why don't you give us one more
trivia question trivia question
two what color is the X in the FedEx
logo white what no no blue blue no
purple say orange it's one of the orange
something it's orange was green you're
all
wrong of
charm there's a few bugs in the trivia
module it's okay it was definitely
orange trivia question three quiet your
question three okay the flag of the
European Union has how many stars on it
13 13 from Team orange team blue holy
[__] you're all so bad at this 12 12
12 correct team wins the trivia question
and goes into the finale in first place
orange is it it's orange the x is orange
the trivia bot has 15 billion parameters
he said he go he goes FedEx ground my
god oh oh that makes sense dare you
question
the again that means that we have Team
orange and team blue heading into the
grand finale team orange with a slight
lead they've got 71 points it looks like
no okay I can't read 71
te um it is time ladies and gentlemen to
kick off the grand finale as a reminder
this is the ninth this is the conclusion
this is the conclusion of nine events
and now it's the final and 10th one we
have two teams movie no not the movie
yet we will do it at the end I will
reinstall your movie
module the five events that you're
competing in are Mario Strikers the
soccer game Mario Party 4 one of these
weird mini games that's like a Dungeon
Crawler Mario Kart the one we were just
playing Tetris 2v2 mode and smash melee
all 2v2 games both players from both
teams will be competing and whoever can
win three of these five games wins the
grand finale and the incredible fabulous
prize that we will reveal at the end so
let's go ahead and hear from our two
teams team blue why of you guys come on
up here okay let's hear from you coming
into the
finals hello hello hello go ahead join
us up here uh first I want to ask you
how you feel in going into the finals uh
how you think about team orange and how
they've done recently
uh I hope ladwig's feeling a little bit
more drunk so drunk [__] yeah dude all
right so we got a little bit of an
advantage I've only had one beer he's
had none beer we got a we got a good
shot I'm just here to have a good time
man good point shuffler any question
before team blue heads
in that was a good point
Alpha okay fun F fun the shuffler asking
to have fun very uh very positive very
some blue team go Ahad head over to your
stations orange team get on up here you
mother [__] let's
go
okay now you go team orange you guys had
a rocky start you've come back swinging
very hard in the second half of this I
love you he's so drunk lwig has
activated the boy uh drunk [__] modle
I love you [__] love this guy
shuffler how you feeling about te I love
this guy team orange needs to be
quiet especially the contestant on the
right side uh sorry your left my our
right no no wa who are you talking about
yeah which we got cigarettes in here you
want get another beer going no no no no
we've deactivated smoking module okay
final words before the finale go
ahead uh all all all praise and glory to
be to God I'm confident it's going to be
a lot of wrangling him it's going to be
like DOTA lwig is the creep and I'm the
hero so let's see if I'm able to control
my creep not to just he's he's going
insane mode but I'm very confident we're
going to win good luck gentlemen thank
you so much station that was
the was this from the thing earlier okay
okay we might need to take some point
[Music]
from I love lwig great joke no okay the
comedy module needs some adjusting
that's yeah go ahead yeah go ahead go
all right we're gonna I man H yeah no
way lwi is drunk he's going to be
horrible about minutes he feel is
broken shufflebot start a timer for
three minutes can we watch a movie while
wees if he's not back in time the race
starts we are just waiting for lwig to
water the bathroom
and then the grand finale begins make
sure his mic is turned
[Laughter]
off squeak have youever played Smash
Bros no okay only like in college when
I'm high right the way God intended what
is high oh you remember like smoking
yeah what what was happening out those
pipes that was tobacco
squeaks squeaks you can go take a hit
from the wall if you want to recreate
your college experience
yeah yeah take one of those pipes yeah
put your face up to that the the top one
this one no that Circle down the B just
any one of
them that's a power up right
there probably not going to taste great
Zaza got me speaking asiro yo top shelf
Z disrupting by
Circ green and purple while we wait what
do you guys think the grand prize is
I've been keeping it secret the whole
time a puppy a puppy for sure that would
actually be such a funny grand priz just
we gave you yeah it's literally it's
it's a puppy it has to be yeah the
shuffler and I planned the prize
together we're very proud about it very
excited is your guys Tak a to get a
puppy it's not a movie it is not it's
not a movie um maybe it's airbud it's a
movie about puppies oh after we reveal
the grand prize I will reinstall the
movie module
yeah no no citizen canine it canine it's
it's not citizen it's no it's someone's
got to make citizen can I'm just saying
they should have a Sant Kane airbud sort
of uh combination movie you it is right
there how do you think those would
comine very carefully yeah yeah
yeah I I just think you put Christopher
Nolan on it you got it I'm just not
a it go really well are those the movies
that go is that right
uh that's a moo from a cow uh you're
missing a couple letters
there I see overall where you're
getting we are almost ready with the
grand finale shuffler what's your
favorite
food
clams what's your favorite what's your
favorite memory involving
clams on a
ship
all right on the sea I guess he was on
the sea I how did you get there they've
only been alive for like took a
boat obviously he took a boat he was on
the sea oh yeah sorry that's my bad
stupid question yeah that was really
like
stupid stupid
[Music]
stupid uh ready we're ready
sweet well after a very exciting
few hours of different events different
movies we have the top two teams in
Shania who will now compete for the
grand prize we're going wait NOP not
quite um you can just pause or something
yeah just sit there cool this is again
five different games that will be
playing simultaneously if you win three
out of the five then you take home the
grand finale prize players you ready you
good shuffler duck
yes I feel powerful too powerful
shuffler again this one's going to be a
little different than the previous we're
running five different games at once I'm
going to need you to divert some of your
power away from The Voice module to a
movie no not to a movie the movie module
needs to be diverted and the game The
Voice module needs to be diverted all
into the shuffling we need 100% on
shuffling can you do that
shuffler 100% 100% just for now and we
will reactivate voice and movie module
later do I need to power down Only The
Voice module shuffler we need you for
the
games Okay a come on let him talk he
needs to power the shuffling it's five
different games shff you're killing him
what are you doing no let him talk I
need to turn I'm going to turn down the
emotion
module okay no oh okay you should be
able to feel a little better shuffler
powering down in three two no one no we
are ready for shuffling ladies and
gentlemen let the grand finale of
shufflemania97 yeah exactly I mean's
great you
seen start okay okay okay oh they let
him have jiggly
puff Robert has jiggly puff going into
this game is awful just mashing the
buttons could affect any other game this
is quite literally one of the worst
Mario Party games that could be for the
sh meanwhile all right who's who's
driving I guess I'm driving they still
to coordinate that portion
this is
the this is your game I'm so nasty at
the orinal the could get punished team
saves
him oh my God the
tetet I mean if Will was on this for
Tetris like we wouldn't see any movement
no no yeah yeah I'm not doing any fast
drops oh boy yeah fast drops are going
to be a scary thing to do here that
point just hold down exactly you lose
nothing okay got
double got the vur that's an interesting
one venur is going to be a crazy ledge
trapti area oh he's still spamming all
right this the first Big Challenge here
if they swamp the middle or they just
I've seen this is platforming and
spamming buttons at the same time both
jump off the wow I've seen a lot of
people just struggle on that part for 5
minutes alone with no other G yeah
exactly right like that is one of the
harder Mario Party
games 22 Tetris does go
hard play I want to play this now next
Shuff Mania you know see you guys there
oh there's the
bom sa that was great oh something
happens in the middle of the blue board
look at that oh that's fine oh that's
super solvable that yeah that t block
goes down right there that's a line
block clear first cleared by the right
team you can still send garbage to the
other side there the bomb theb the bomb
was walking left camping uh first stop
goes down the Box oh you're not no it's
me oh change it up oh you're red yeah
oh stri now everybody knows that the
Strikers is very overpowered so you got
to kind of pass it across the box and
then take a ripper oh really yeah a
straight on shot won't go in often oh
God okay this game is weird but that's
such a
Sol does anybody know how to play Mario
Strikers very good at Strikers is look a
to pass and B to shoot is the main thing
they should stop going for head on
shots
two inexperienced teams maybe the head
on shots are worth it I got not going to
lie this is such great content I feel
like I'm just switching the channels on
a TV and I'm really bored this is like
add in subway surface on
topway they're still on the same portion
of Mario Party they haven't gotten past
this this going to be what we're here on
the long yeah because after this they
makp areip
oh
press even oh you're right this is very
close on all the games there's a clear
lead in
Strikers both teams doing
phenomenally May the Difference Maker
purple has to look for acoss a pass
across the Box okay there it is he's got
it and they both went off the edge from
Rainbow Road probably the hardest
Mar this is the third time I've made you
guys playbow
Road I love the strategy of just like
press button team blue is on the
second yeah this part is
awkward so much junk being sent over
Chad is very upset that the shuffler
voice module had to be shut down but you
can see how much power this shuffling
requires Chad misses the slide tackle in
the block
wowow look at that the stopped Red Shell
that felt grimy wow they just
P look at how slow they're going in
Double Dash the other the person who
isn't driving has to use the items so
you have to actually coordinate as a
team on
it pass be
shoot oh just misses off the
side that was a great look
though my box coming
down
that's oh wait the right side of the
tetris board is looking a looking a
little little di team bl's Tetris is
could be better could be better
we mean they're both on the same spot of
the Mario game after this they have I
believe the pipes is pure R cuz they
have to guess which pipe to go into and
they have to remember those pipes
between three different four different
exactly
the team orange is off a little bit than
team blue is
on this is
game Mario Party dungeons prob in and oh
the goalie
[Applause]
goalie there's that overpowered goalie I
was talking about he takes it directly
to the
face oh
[__] wow look team bl's oh
another items in this game this
shot that first goal may may break the
game yeah that might be the he perfect
top cheddar that's a okay working on the
random pipes now first RNG is absolutely
ridiculous Mario has
lost Tetris is bad this is an unsolvable
board I think we are looking at a 50
sweet wow that te team orange is doing
phenomen all it takes is three though
all it takes is three just a little
tease of Mario
Kart yeah okay this is yeah team blue is
looking a little rough right now two
line clear got some jump right there
wait oh here we go
too they have to
balloon
SD true it's true the ours oh probably
as Mario Party
unlock okay all right see if that can
get it back they need to win
Rainbow Oh the ne neckit each other oh
the second item what is it okay puff
dies what do we have three to
four but this is not crazy cu super high
per and on the side of the stage yeah
this could go either way yeah one smash
yeah go to the grab this one is
dangerous a few
clears wait T is actually looking a
little bit more Sol than I first thought
I we lost yeah think Mario party this
one is unlock this one's unlock every
pip
the go clutches oh my God reaction a
minute 30 left on that
game blue now in the lead on Rainbow
Road by a good bit just a straight line
after a straight and in the final turn
but the item box all
the they fall again they again wait they
can win even Tetris is scary for blue
but there isn't there isn't a winner yet
they could come backet look
solvable tet could be solvable but is
going a little rock for team blue right
now yeah jig weap 62 is just kill per
okay blue needs a goal here they've got
to get back on the board on soccer nice
good passes here good passes here it
was that's actually massive for Tetris
oh no they could throw Tetris now
because of that purple on the right side
oh you need to line so
bad taking it slow they taking it slow
okay that's one game for team or one out
of three it's about to
be wow it's now two up one more game and
team orange takes
it again do you want to see oh my God
this could be it a
second wow second go determin strikers
for sure I told you just how shot on the
keeper it's just not going to go
in still
okay out jiggly Puffs out it's up to
Ross and smash or sorry alred
stop good passes back and forth the
items that wait
ohe the goal this goalie is insane they
have 55 seconds left on Strikers so
again Strikers if you just take a direct
shot unless it's fully charged very low
percentage very low percentage Orange
going to make the reverse they have the
blue no there's no way they went off a
blue
shell take out rot y nice okay oh blue
shell even even with blue even with the
blue shell they they should have
this charge full charge when you get it
back you have time hold on hold on this
is this is a super winable melee game
it's going to be tough
cuz oh God wait oh wait oh star misses
just barely hold on if Jacob just plays
with the with the items right now yeah
cring it out could work oh they got to
go just needs one more
win 45 seconds to get a goal here good
jump coverage oh toad doing n oh there
it is there's an opportunity right now
got to intercept that oh so far oh no
it's what will said Team shots and Super
Mario Strikers will not go you got this
blue team takes that two one on theard
still come on baby come on
R go they dropped that
it could be over oh my God a fully
charged shot you got 28 seconds you got
less than the goalie is insane
they keep
bling okay okay one more for Jacob team
combo this is looking bad right into the
face but items are always in play and
Lord
know oh my God
the
he's the goal got it wait come on if you
get an intercept 10 seconds left for for
Strikers they have to get a goal in 10
seconds Shuffle Bot set a timer for 10
seconds oh wait they're dead oh no this
is actually such aough wow this is crazy
right here seven
six hold back out it's back fourth
five
another six seconds the bo
Strikers and unless blue can clutch out
two goals in 5
seconds you
it all right countd down with me six
five oh never
mind okay hold on wait as soon as that
timer is done it's over fourth three 2 1
orange team takes it congratulations
sweets and lwig win Shuffle Manor well
done well done conratulations
very very close very recoverable at the
end well play all the way back from the
beginning man it was that first Striker
that really yeah without Strikers man
that would have been very close orange
team get on up
here BR Gentlemen by far the worst
players at the beginning lwig literally
in tears sobbing and he turn it around
and take the whole thing how you doing
I I mean look I'm in the backpack this
whole ride I would not be in the
position I'm in if it was not for
squeaks he clutched up pgle simply never
played the damn game before Mario
balanced but he still clutched it out
somehow even though it's very balanced
so a big hats off to him we were able to
close it out in the end just good games
I mean it's a team it's a team effort
you know I want to make L proud and it
was a tough start in melee but we were
able to turn it around bring it up again
right keep bringing it up I mean l did
lose in BR but we win we win huge it's a
big dub for team L and squeak and we're
ready for that really big grand prize oo
I hope it's money orange team I am so
proud of you for taking home the
tournament I'm so excited to reveal our
grand prize a reveal that is so
incredible so mysterious and magical
that we had to wait to the very end to
show
you I'm scared but I have to admit
something to you
all the
shuffler is not
real what what so it was ger the whole
time you guys this isn't an AI it
doesn't make any sense it was germa
inside doing all the controls are you
kidding me toil there so much toilet
paper his dress is a Reddit
mod how you doing how you doing we found
the winners we finally found the winners
the winners of course they're right over
here of course they are dog hold on a
sec hey what's up uh when I was in there
I I got bad pretty badly burnt some of
the wires and I lean my head back be
okay shut shut keep going keep going
keep I lean my head back and I I hit my
head on a wire and I saw colors for okay
so we have our two winners of the
tournament JMA and I worked hard at this
JMA why don't you go ahead and
congratulate our players of course we're
going to congratulate the players that's
what I'm here to do hello waswick hi hi
you've had a brain all alone Mr Shuff
thank it wasn't down here it was up here
[__] dummy
right okay hurt put this up here you're
so right everything you say hurts yeah
the brain is up here smart man thank you
squeaks yes the heart that's right in
here it's this big remember the Grinch
what's up remember the Grinch oh of
course I remember the Grinch it's got to
be this big now it's got to be huge
that's so nice thank you so much the
brain the heart oh this is heavy and
which one you use the
lion STS oh it's not you it's real
meth guys The Unbelievable courage it
took yeah is that tight enough for you
that tight for there you go thank you
and the dog the dog the Pu like pH I
forgot the dog the puy do I forgot the
dog what do you mean the dog cuz the
animal control said we couldn't did
Dorothy go
home this not the it's the shuffle thaon
right I've been in there for [__]
four hours I have a I have a question
was all that [__] inside me talk because
you were using the bathroom inside the
sh the
Sher all I'm going to tell you is I
would not I would not I would take 40
minutes before you Jesus but
congratulations congratulations orange
team orange team so excited [__]
disgusting and now you are probably
wondering what is the grand prize Jer
and I have been working uh we' working
pretty hard on this we're both uh uh
pretty excited this is something I mean
germa how's this what's this mean to you
at twitchcon we had a conversation yeah
and you would not believe how difficult
it is to find people to do this thing
yeah and the thing that we're talking
about doing of course
is
tennis what what what do you you guys
want to play you want to play tennis
with us we're going to play tennis we've
been looking for partners cuz ger got J
and I got into it and then we've been
looking for for tennis we're dude I L
our country on second yeah no we're
playing nothing that he just said was
funny we I was just baffled by the the
prizes tennis we want to play like dudee
so we figured if we put on if we put on
this show right you guys are very
adaptable and whatnot it's similar skill
set to whole thing just to find tennis
Partners yeah you could have asked me I
wouldn't have drank so you got the brain
you're fine all right you guys are down
yeah I mean yeah I guess I mean if
that's the priz they down ladies and
gentlemen welcome to Doug and ger tennis
man come
on come give me
right now come on guys let's go we're
playing
tennis you come on everybody we're
playing tennis let's every let's
move
je okay okay so this is what we've been
working on right so I think you start up
front right you start up front I'll be
back thank you Dakota are you back
exual come on this is what we've been
working for this is what we've been
working for oh my
God you guys ready night you guys ready
how much
hours how is that's right Doug and ger
tennis do we leave here I
mean remember remember Nadal you look
like
Nadal uh Team orange go ahead come on
join us yeah I
guess you on it can you be qu where is
trying to do tennis Mania are you a ref
of course he's a ref look he's what do
you think he's dressed
like he going to be a standard tennis
game two versus two doubles tennis I've
never
played need to maintain a level of
professional the entire field will be in
play considering that it is
doubles Doug and germa you will be on
the west side of the field lwig and
squeaks
s e x
squeaks I'm yeah masturbated did did you
come up with that name yourself I did
back in the day why because I had a
squeaky voice but now it's more ironic
cuz my voice is so deep wouldn't you
agree interesting lwig and squeaky toy
you will be on the east side of the
field because I've been standing here
waiting for the past 4 and a half hours
we are running out of time and as such
we will play an expedited round of
tennis it will be first to Five Points
will be the Victor in
addition you'll pick it
up you guys were great at Shuffle
Mania It Feels
So In addition because we are not doing
multiple sets we will be deciding who is
going to start the serve with a coin
toss okay that's you that's all that's
all you heads always heads always heads
always sales always sales sales never
fails that is a far toss okay
it's heads heads Heads nobody can see it
from here heads would you like to serve
or would you like to receive serve first
Ser first bird behind her is this just
an opportunity you guys to stunt on us
uh it was Tails by the way youc you
pronounced heads incorrectly oh sorry it
was heads players get into position
let's begin let's go okay okay all the
training everything comes down to this
go keep keep one for yourself huh out
there
there first to Five Points standard
stuff here guys come on it's got to land
uh that's not that's not the yeah you go
back and then I got to all right you
guys ready tennis
Mania it's not tenis I get one more I
get one more I get one more it's okay we
got to war up you get two chances
have you guys ever played tennis
[Music]
no that's right that's right that's
right bring it s I got was in that we're
all right that's one for you guys let's
go let's go bring it you got to hit in
this box anywhere dou it's not it's not
how it works you got to land it in this
box stop talking to me that's okay well
look okay that's fine that's F that's F
you got you
got you got the train
we talked about the Reps coming in at
the end the forehand got to land
[Music]
here thanks
bomb yes let's go let's it we're back in
we're back in our serf now no it's our
our surf we alternate Surf and you never
played ten no unbelievable why did we do
all of this then that's fine the rep
said it's
fine no I think you serve what is my Ser
we hav't play Tenn I won on my serve
okay all right all
right that is not legal but I don't
think they realize it what okay that was
a fa Reser Reser okay did you play
tennis for like a few months in high
school
[Music]
it's okay
that's it's got to be diagonal
that first to five stand no you're on
the wrong side you got to go over there
squeaks you're yeah is so have you never
played tennis no I haven't play tennis
you got to land it this
box
it was F you can't argue with the ref
the no way talking
aboutus one two to oneus one point for a
penalty let's
go I know all right light hit baby light
hit
I can't do
that [__]
awesome what are we
doing he's
playing
tennis that is what we've been working
on that's what we' been working very
hard oh man okay what's the score umpire
three to
two fell right for
that everywhere second
attempt almost hit the the photographer
out there going to kill you still get
one more though that's just a fult two
oh was it trying to he did it was cool I
just I haven't played tennis before so
clear play
tennis that was way out of the line what
are you talking
about it's got to be in the you get
another shot it's got to be in the
Box what's wrong with
you three to four game point Point ger
everything we work on all all the the
Vegas training the twitch G you want to
receive yeah yeah oh wait so you're
serving who served
last you did that was me last oh then
you guys no you cuz you just faulted f
it out so me oh okay I get it so you Ser
sorry it's been a
while sweating so you're going to
die is scary for gain Point all right
double it
you know you know that old baseball game
we play against robots and they did it
like 500 Miles
[Applause]
hour yes let's go let's go let's go
let's go that's what I'm talking about
that is what I'm talking about that's
it
okay
orange you stand up no no you guys lost
you guys lost get out of here
congratulations on winning tennis Mania
2023 here is your trophy thank you so
much um how does this make you feel
winning such a prestigious and
absolutely fair game with no Miss calls
uh I want to thank my mom there's been a
lot of years that she said I would not
be able to do this um I have even picked
up a racket since high school and um and
I think a lot of my friends said I
couldn't come back here and win at a
tennis tournament and I did and it means
the world to persevere through that and
to make it here and have this
Trophy this is
and I think I just I'm going to parot
what he said always if the thing you're
going for the thing that you're trying
to do [__] do it you know what I mean
go for it hey
we're going to we're going to go to
Disney World right we're going to State
we're going to Disney World this thing
is stury what the [__] is
happen could the players respect that
we're in the tournament so ladies and
gentlemen I want to thank you for being
here for Doug and German's tennis Mania
thanks for watching the best damn tennis
show on Twitch thank you the production
team for making this the best damn
tennis tournament on Twitch thank you to
all the tennis players who participated
today what is this it was for tennis
you want to hold
it thank you everybody for watching be
sure to follow on Twitch for more tennis
action and we're going to see you guys
next time thank you everybody have a
good
[Applause]
night this is what it's about
[Music]
tennis
you and sweep
like and I know that I let you
[Music]
go up inside
my
[Music]
and I know let you
go
hey
chat how about a
movie wait a
minute look at those Footprints uhoh we
must be getting close to the giant come
on Mr dinkle puss now wait a minute are
you sure that hen Nelly lays golden eggs
uh-huh 14 karat uh-huh well then don't
be afraid I won't just follow
[Music]
me wait a minute Mr tickle pus what's
the matter how come your Shadow is
bigger than mine well the taller you are
the taller Your Shadow you see that's
the basic principle of
mathematics I am shorter than you
therefore my shadow should be smaller
than yours mathematically speaking right
right why my shadow was making a fool
out of your
mathematics but why that's impossible
that can't be your Shadow no well watch
this
[Music]
amazing you think so now watch
this can you imagine that now if I
didn't see this with my own eyes I
wouldn't believe it it's Absol
it's
hey what the
[Music]
the
and take a push you got to look at this
this this is this is
[Music]
terrific Mr dickle pus
Mr Dingle
push oh I think he's afraid of my shadow
why you be like me I'm brave because I
fear nothing when I am in
[Music]
right I
fear when I do nothing wrong
[Music]
and I'll be defant and
BEP if any giant should try to salt and
peus and I'll rise up up to my fullest
height course I fear absolutely nothing
when I'm in the
right manes what Hees and by these
principles a man must stand a time will
come for roll up sleeves and it might
help to have a fist on hand if I believe
that I am right there's only one thing
to be done I don't look for a fight but
I have never run away from
one but only fools will take a dare and
there are R things and only fools they F
If You Smell Trouble in the air I'll
hold my breath until a bee Blows
By I'll snore Defiance like some
rhinoceros afraid of giants Now isn't
that
Preposterous I find courage a thing of
great Delight s and with Steady Hand and
Ste
I fear nothing when I am in the
[Music]
right
oh